She's a man-hating out-of-work stripper fleeing from a Satanic cult.
She's a man-hating motormouth archaeologist with an MBA from Harvard.
She's a mentally unstable green-skinned magician's assistant who can talk to animals.
She's a beautiful renegade wrestler married to the Mob.
She's a cosmopolitan foul-mouthed bounty hunter who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt.
She's a vivacious communist fairy princess fleeing from a Satanic cult.
She's a high-kicking impetuous opera singer with an evil twin sister.
She's an enchanted tomboy museum curator from beyond the grave
She's a beautiful out-of-work nun with a knack for trouble.
She's a supernatural cat-loving opera singer trying to make a difference in a man's world.
She's a cold-hearted Bolivian mermaid who dreams of becoming Elvis.
She's a brilliant bisexual lawyer in the wrong place at the wrong time.
She's a mistrustful hypochondriac doctor from out of town.
She's a ditzy red-headed journalist operating on the wrong side of the law.
She's a hard-bitten hip-hop archaeologist with an evil twin sister.
She's a hard-bitten out-of-work femme fatale who can talk to animals.
She's a sharp-shooting antique-collecting Valkyrie with the power to see death.
She's an elegant impetuous mercenary descended from a line of powerful witches.
She's a vivacious paranoid archaeologist operating on the wrong side of the law.
She's a foxy insomniac mechanic from a secret island of warrior women.
She's a strong-willed tomboy archaeologist with an incredible destiny.
She's a cynical winged magician's assistant with someone else's memories.
She's a bloodthirsty thirtysomething hooker with someone else's memories.
She's a man-hating French-Canadian queen of the dead who can talk to animals.
She's a cold-hearted gypsy bodyguard descended from a line of powerful witches.
She's a mistrustful streetsmart archaeologist with a flame-thrower.
She's a sarcastic French-Canadian hooker with a song in her heart and a spring in her step.
She's a man-hating hip-hop soap star with an evil twin sister.
She's a blind blonde angel who can talk to animals.
She's a sharp-shooting kleptomaniac cab driver fleeing from a Satanic cult.
She's a cold-hearted French-Canadian single mother from the wrong side of the tracks.
She's a hard-bitten foul-mouthed mermaid with a song in her heart and a spring in her step.
She's a foxy foul-mouthed hooker with an incredible destiny.
She's a cosmopolitan extravagent archaeologist in the witness protection scheme.
She's an elegant streetsmart pearl diver from the wrong side of the tracks.
She's a cold-hearted wisecracking mercenary with only herself to blame.
She's a mistrustful snooty magician's assistant with the power to bend men's minds.
She's a transdimensional mute traffic cop with an incredible destiny.
She's a chain-smoking red-headed magician's assistant with an evil twin sister.
She's a radical tempestuous nun from a different time and place.
She's a blind out-of-work mercenary fleeing from a Satanic cult.
She's an enchanted nymphomaniac bounty hunter from beyond the grave
She's a plucky goth single mother with a knack for trouble.
She's a supernatural tempestuous vampire looking for love in all the wrong places.
She's a sarcastic psychic mermaid living homeless in New York's sewers.
She's a sharp-shooting motormouth wrestler prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage.
She's a sharp-shooting foul-mouthed college professor living homeless in New York's sewers.
She's a supernatural renegade cab driver from beyond the grave
She's a ditzy mutant safe cracker from the wrong side of the tracks.
She's a radical renegade bounty hunter married to the Mob.
She's an orphaned cat-loving schoolgirl on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit
She's a virginal kleptomaniac fairy princess with a knack for trouble
She's a brilliant renegade Hell's Angel with someone else's memories
She's a hard-bitten out-of-work barmaid who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles
She's a scantily clad psychic wrestler prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage
She's a cynical winged detective from beyond the grave They fight crime!
She's a sarcastic insomniac soap star living on borrowed time
She's a mentally unstable motormouth snake charmer with an incredible destiny
She's an orphaned goth mechanic from the wrong side of the tracks
She's a hard-bitten cat-loving bodyguard with her own daytime radio talk show
She's a mentally unstable nymphomaniac femme fatale in the witness protection scheme
She's a provocative winged single mother with a flame-thrower
She's a mistrustful gypsy detective with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch
She's a high-kicking cigar-chomping lawyer on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit
She's a virginal wisecracking Valkyrie with an evil twin sister
She's an elegant thirtysomething Hell's Angel in the wrong place at the wrong time
She's a sharp-shooting thirtysomething soap star with the power to see death
She's a radical mute college professor from Mars
She's a cosmopolitan communist femme fatale with only herself to blame
She's a supernatural bisexual research scientist who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt
She's a mentally unstable snooty former first lady on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit
She's a cold-hearted belly-dancing research scientist who dreams of becoming Elvis
She's a sarcastic renegade mercenary who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles
She's a wealthy French-Canadian nun from a secret island of warrior women
She's a mistrustful mute Valkyrie with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch
She's a provocative mutant politician living homeless in New York's sewers
She's a provocative gold-digging soap star who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen
She's a violent kleptomaniac mercenary living homeless in New York's sewers
She's a virginal mutant safe cracker operating on the wrong side of the law
She's a bloodthirsty foul-mouthed magician's assistant with an incredible destiny
She's a plucky belly-dancing single mother who can talk to animals
She's a plucky blonde widow from out of town
She's a bloodthirsty goth femme fatale with someone else's memories
She's a radical insomniac former first lady with the soul of a mighty warrior
She's a pregnant cat-loving vampire with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch
She's a psychotic French-Canadian soap star married to the Mob
She's a cold-hearted out-of-work socialite on the trail of a serial killer
She's a ditzy green-skinned hooker who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt
She's an artistic wisecracking college professor from Mars
She's a transdimensional insomniac schoolgirl who can talk to animals
She's an elegant thirtysomething detective from a different time and place
She's a beautiful snooty mercenary from out of town
She's a pregnant antique-collecting bodyguard with a knack for trouble
She's a foxy tempestuous former first lady from a family of eight older brothers
She's a green-fingered snooty wrestler with a knack for trouble
She's a cold-hearted gypsy angel with a flame-thrower
She's a time-travelling goth politician who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen
She's a tortured goth research scientist who dreams of becoming Elvis
She's a chain-smoking communist schoolgirl from out of town
She's a plucky French-Canadian college professor looking for love in all the wrong places
She's a tortured punk mermaid fleeing from a Satanic cult.
She's a radical gypsy research scientist with an MBA from Harvard.
She's a provocative red-headed magician's assistant with an incredible destiny.
She's a vivacious hip-hop safe cracker with only herself to blame.
She's a hard-bitten gold-digging archaeologist from Mars.
She's a high-kicking insomniac socialite in the wrong place at the wrong time.
She's a man-hating insomniac stripper who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles.
She's a blind insomniac cab driver with her own daytime radio talk show.
She's a psychotic junkie schoolgirl from out of town.
She's a scantily clad Buddhist politician with someone else's memories.
She's a pregnant winged archaeologist in the witness protection scheme.
She's a green-fingered belly-dancing former first lady in the witness protection scheme.
She's a blind African-American Hell's Angel living homeless in New York's sewers.
She's a tortured French-Canadian bounty hunter with her own daytime radio talk show.
She's a blind tomboy socialite in the witness protection scheme.
She's a supernatural punk magician's assistant on the trail of a serial killer.
She's a psychotic renegade traffic cop with a knack for trouble.
She's a hard-bitten cat-loving politician with her own daytime radio talk show.
She's a high-kicking tempestuous doctor prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage.
She's a cosmopolitan insomniac research scientist descended from a line of powerful witches.
She's a strong-willed punk former first lady trying to make a difference in a man's world.
She's a warm-hearted mutant bounty hunter looking for love in all the wrong places.
She's a psychotic insomniac research scientist from Mars.
She's a foxy mute barmaid fleeing from a Satanic cult.
She's a provocative winged archaeologist with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch.
She's a bloodthirsty extravagent widow living on borrowed time.
She's a psychotic blonde detective with an MBA from Harvard.
She's a hard-bitten hypochondriac archaeologist with an MBA from Harvard.
She's a chain-smoking green-skinned angel with an evil twin sister.
She's a vivacious Bolivian Valkyrie from a secret island of warrior women.
She's a sarcastic belly-dancing wrestler in the witness protection scheme.
She's a disco-crazy extravagent femme fatale with an evil twin sister.
She's a cynical nymphomaniac bodyguard married to the Mob.
She's an orphaned impetuous fairy princess with a song in her heart and a spring in her step.
She's a blind snooty doctor fleeing from a Satanic cult.
She's a sarcastic red-headed angel who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen.
She's a cold-hearted Bolivian college professor with only herself to blame.
She's a time-travelling tempestuous college professor in the wrong place at the wrong time.
She's an elegant hip-hop detective on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit.
She's a violent cat-loving fairy princess on the trail of a serial killer.
She's a blind extravagent magician's assistant fleeing from a Satanic cult.
She's a green-fingered winged mermaid from a family of eight older brothers.
She's a scantily clad tomboy nun who can talk to animals.
She's a blind foul-mouthed wrestler from Mars.
She's a pregnant cat-loving lawyer who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen.
She's a psychotic cat-loving nun on the trail of a serial killer.
She's a mentally unstable communist mechanic in the wrong place at the wrong time.
She's a radical tempestuous journalist on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit.
She's a cosmopolitan mutant stripper with someone else's memories.
She's an artistic tomboy advertising executive trying to make a difference in a man's world.
She's a bloodthirsty Buddhist hooker from the wrong side of the tracks. 
She's a tortured motormouth widow married to the Mob. 
She's an elegant punk college professor with the soul of a mighty warrior. 
She's a radical psychic magician's assistant with only herself to blame. 
She's a manipulative mute research scientist from a secret island of warrior women. 
She's an enchanted wisecracking research scientist with an MBA from Harvard. 
She's a bloodthirsty goth safe cracker on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
She's an artistic impetuous soap star from a different time and place. 
She's an elegant hip-hop widow trying to make a difference in a man's world. 
She's a radical bisexual snake charmer with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. 
She's a plucky Bolivian cab driver prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
She's a bloodthirsty Bolivian advertising executive who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
She's a violent hip-hop bodyguard with the power to bend men's minds. 
She's a mentally unstable tempestuous fairy princess living homeless in New York's sewers. 
She's a provocative psychic soap star from the wrong side of the tracks. 
She's an elegant communist widow looking for love in all the wrong places. 
She's an artistic wisecracking museum curator fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a tortured mute hooker with a flame-thrower. 
She's a vivacious insomniac lawyer fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a cynical nymphomaniac schoolgirl on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
She's an orphaned paranoid fairy princess with a flame-thrower. 
She's a cold-hearted bisexual pearl diver from beyond the grave 
She's a tortured belly-dancing bodyguard with only herself to blame. 
She's a time-travelling nymphomaniac mercenary from the wrong side of the tracks. 
She's a hard-bitten streetsmart bodyguard from out of town. 
She's a provocative mute queen of the dead from out of town. 
She's a hard-bitten blonde research scientist descended from a line of powerful witches. 
She's a warm-hearted cigar-chomping archaeologist with a flame-thrower. 
She's a virginal tempestuous mermaid with the soul of a mighty warrior. 
She's a violent communist hooker with an evil twin sister. 
She's a plucky extravagent bodyguard with an incredible destiny. 
She's a radical cigar-chomping archaeologist operating on the wrong side of the law. 
She's a scantily clad paranoid archaeologist with her own daytime radio talk show. 
She's a supernatural French-Canadian wrestler from out of town. 
She's a green-fingered paranoid mermaid on the trail of a serial killer. 
She's a provocative belly-dancing lawyer descended from a line of powerful witches. 
She's an artistic kleptomaniac single mother from Mars. 
She's a foxy insomniac queen of the dead who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
She's a bloodthirsty paranoid hooker who can talk to animals. 
She's a bloodthirsty nymphomaniac politician who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen. 
She's a wealthy hypochondriac magician's assistant with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch. 
She's a transdimensional gold-digging vampire living homeless in New York's sewers. 
She's a radical out-of-work Hell's Angel married to the Mob. 
She's a sarcastic punk single mother with her own daytime radio talk show. 
She's a hard-bitten snooty doctor who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
She's an artistic snooty mermaid with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch. 
She's a chain-smoking wisecracking cab driver descended from a line of powerful witches. 
She's a hard-bitten red-headed angel who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen. 
She's a radical junkie nun who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen. 
She's a cold-hearted thirtysomething socialite with an incredible destiny. 
She's an orphaned cat-loving schoolgirl on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit
She's a virginal kleptomaniac fairy princess with a knack for trouble
She's a brilliant renegade Hell's Angel with someone else's memories
She's a hard-bitten out-of-work barmaid who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles
She's a scantily clad psychic wrestler prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage
She's a cynical winged detective from beyond the grave They fight crime!
She's a sarcastic insomniac soap star living on borrowed time
She's a mentally unstable motormouth snake charmer with an incredible destiny
She's an orphaned goth mechanic from the wrong side of the tracks
She's a hard-bitten cat-loving bodyguard with her own daytime radio talk show
She's a mentally unstable nymphomaniac femme fatale in the witness protection scheme
She's a provocative winged single mother with a flame-thrower
She's a mistrustful gypsy detective with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch
She's a high-kicking cigar-chomping lawyer on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit
She's a virginal wisecracking Valkyrie with an evil twin sister
She's an elegant thirtysomething Hell's Angel in the wrong place at the wrong time
She's a sharp-shooting thirtysomething soap star with the power to see death
She's a radical mute college professor from Mars
She's a cosmopolitan communist femme fatale with only herself to blame
She's a supernatural bisexual research scientist who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt
She's a mentally unstable snooty former first lady on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit
She's a cold-hearted belly-dancing research scientist who dreams of becoming Elvis
She's a sarcastic renegade mercenary who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles
She's a wealthy French-Canadian nun from a secret island of warrior women
She's a mistrustful mute Valkyrie with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch
She's a provocative mutant politician living homeless in New York's sewers
She's a provocative gold-digging soap star who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen
She's a violent kleptomaniac mercenary living homeless in New York's sewers
She's a virginal mutant safe cracker operating on the wrong side of the law
She's a bloodthirsty foul-mouthed magician's assistant with an incredible destiny
She's a plucky belly-dancing single mother who can talk to animals
She's a plucky blonde widow from out of town
She's a bloodthirsty goth femme fatale with someone else's memories
She's a radical insomniac former first lady with the soul of a mighty warrior
She's a pregnant cat-loving vampire with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch
She's a psychotic French-Canadian soap star married to the Mob
She's a cold-hearted out-of-work socialite on the trail of a serial killer
She's a ditzy green-skinned hooker who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt
She's an artistic wisecracking college professor from Mars
She's a transdimensional insomniac schoolgirl who can talk to animals
She's an elegant thirtysomething detective from a different time and place
She's a beautiful snooty mercenary from out of town
She's a pregnant antique-collecting bodyguard with a knack for trouble
She's a foxy tempestuous former first lady from a family of eight older brothers
She's a green-fingered snooty wrestler with a knack for trouble
She's a cold-hearted gypsy angel with a flame-thrower
She's a time-travelling goth politician who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen
She's a tortured goth research scientist who dreams of becoming Elvis
She's a chain-smoking communist schoolgirl from out of town
She's a plucky French-Canadian college professor looking for love in all the wrong places
 She's a vivacious red-headed wrestler with an evil twin sister
 She's an artistic paranoid angel with an evil twin sister
 She's a psychotic belly-dancing mercenary on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit
 She's a mentally unstable goth femme fatale with an MBA from Harvard
 She's a manipulative nymphomaniac lawyer operating on the wrong side of the law
 She's a sarcastic out-of-work vampire in the wrong place at the wrong time
 She's a transdimensional impetuous magician's assistant married to the Mob
 She's a strong-willed thirtysomething safe cracker prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage
' She's a strong-willed red-headed journalist living homeless in New York's sewers
 She's a brilliant punk barmaid with a flame-thrower
 She's a supernatural punk femme fatale from Mars
 She's a cosmopolitan belly-dancing bounty hunter fleeing from a Satanic cult
 She's a mistrustful streetsmart research scientist from a secret island of warrior women
 She's a pregnant Bolivian stripper from the wrong side of the tracks
 She's a sharp-shooting punk archaeologist with the soul of a mighty warrior
 She's a blind goth safe cracker from the wrong side of the tracks
 She's a supernatural winged Valkyrie from Mars
 She's a manipulative punk queen of the dead living homeless in New York's sewers
 She's a sharp-shooting cigar-chomping safe cracker living on borrowed time
 She's a plucky belly-dancing bounty hunter on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit
 She's a mentally unstable Bolivian barmaid who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles
 She's a blind gypsy queen of the dead with an evil twin sister
 She's a beautiful impetuous pearl diver married to the Mob
 She's an elegant foul-mouthed barmaid with someone else's memories
 She's an enchanted winged schoolgirl descended from a line of powerful witches
 She's a cold-hearted red-headed museum curator with the power to see death
 She's a strong-willed belly-dancing safe cracker with the soul of a mighty warrior
 She's a radical punk former first lady from aristocratic European stock
 She's a manipulative thirtysomething pearl diver with an MBA from Harvard
 She's a cynical mute mercenary with an incredible destiny
 She's a beautiful insomniac cab driver in the witness protection scheme
 She's a provocative renegade mechanic with the power to see death
 She's a sharp-shooting gypsy wrestler from out of town
 She's a supernatural belly-dancing Hell's Angel from a different time and place
 She's a time-travelling kleptomaniac widow from a family of eight older brothers
 She's a supernatural winged archaeologist operating on the wrong side of the law
 She's a plucky gold-digging barmaid with the power to see death
 She's a mentally unstable tomboy mechanic from aristocratic European stock
 She's a psychotic renegade archaeologist living on borrowed time
 She's a virginal hypochondriac hooker from a family of eight older brothers
 She's a psychotic cat-loving advertising executive with a flame-thrower
 She's a tortured gold-digging research scientist with an evil twin sister
' She's a supernatural wisecracking college professor with the soul of a mighty warrior
 She's a green-fingered impetuous vampire who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles
 She's a bloodthirsty gold-digging mechanic trying to make a difference in a man's world
 She's a pregnant blonde socialite with an incredible destiny
 She's a cynical renegade magician's assistant with her own daytime radio talk show
 She's a manipulative green-skinned barmaid with someone else's memories
 She's a green-fingered impetuous safe cracker from a secret island of warrior women
 She's an elegant bisexual femme fatale prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage
 She's a high-kicking streetsmart stripper who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt.
 She's a bloodthirsty cigar-chomping mermaid fleeing from a Satanic cult.
 She's a bloodthirsty cat-loving lawyer on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit.
 She's a sarcastic hypochondriac opera singer prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage.
 She's a mentally unstable renegade bodyguard married to the Mob.
 She's a high-kicking thirtysomething fairy princess on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit.
 She's a chain-smoking antique-collecting queen of the dead with the power to see death.
 She's a ditzy cat-loving Hell's Angel from aristocratic European stock.
 She's a transdimensional mute research scientist with an MBA from Harvard.
 She's a sharp-shooting cat-loving mechanic who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt.
 She's a radical gypsy journalist with an MBA from Harvard.
 She's a sharp-shooting hip-hop nun married to the Mob.
 She's a blind Buddhist bounty hunter in the witness protection scheme.
 She's a vivacious thirtysomething safe cracker operating on the wrong side of the law.
 She's a psychotic French-Canadian former first lady with the soul of a mighty warrior.
 She's an artistic extravagent college professor with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch.
 She's a mentally unstable hip-hop socialite who dreams of becoming Elvis.
 She's a pregnant winged schoolgirl who dreams of becoming Elvis.
 She's a beautiful red-headed mermaid from a family of eight older brothers.
 She's a beautiful kleptomaniac mercenary who can talk to animals.
 She's a provocative tempestuous Hell's Angel on the trail of a serial killer.
 She's a cold-hearted mutant college professor who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen.
 She's a scantily clad blonde journalist prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage.
 She's a sharp-shooting tomboy mermaid who dreams of becoming Elvis.
 She's a mistrustful punk advertising executive from a family of eight older brothers.
 She's a plucky red-headed advertising executive descended from a line of powerful witches.
 She's a ditzy gold-digging barmaid with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch.
 She's a transdimensional gypsy fairy princess on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit.
 She's a strong-willed red-headed soap star in the wrong place at the wrong time.
 She's a radical motormouth stripper with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch.
 She's a vivacious cat-loving fairy princess in the witness protection scheme.
 She's a sarcastic blonde politician with the soul of a mighty warrior.
 She's a warm-hearted out-of-work widow who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen.
 She's a provocative red-headed traffic cop who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles.
 She's a disco-crazy antique-collecting mercenary with only herself to blame.
 She's a mentally unstable tomboy archaeologist with a flame-thrower.
 She's a scantily clad out-of-work angel living homeless in New York's sewers.
 She's a ditzy bisexual opera singer operating on the wrong side of the law.
 She's an artistic blonde wrestler from a family of eight older brothers.
 She's a vivacious blonde research scientist prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage.
 She's a pregnant African-American research scientist living on borrowed time.
 She's a pregnant goth lawyer operating on the wrong side of the law.
 She's a scantily clad hypochondriac detective with the power to see death.
 She's a foxy cat-loving soap star on the trail of a serial killer.
 She's a wealthy streetsmart Hell's Angel with the power to see death.
 She's a foxy cat-loving bodyguard operating on the wrong side of the law.
 She's a man-hating extravagent magician's assistant with a song in her heart and a spring in her step.
 She's a provocative mute fairy princess from a family of eight older brothers.
 She's a wealthy bisexual Hell's Angel who dreams of becoming Elvis.
[" She's a warm-hearted wisecracking mermaid who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles", " She's a cynical paranoid lawyer with the power to bend men's minds", " She's a scantily clad snooty mechanic who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles", " She's a virginal blonde widow descended from a line of powerful witches", " She's a radical communist doctor from the wrong side of the tracks", " She's a scantily clad mutant former first lady operating on the wrong side of the law", " She's a bloodthirsty French-Canadian politician operating on the wrong side of the law", " She's a pregnant tomboy socialite with the soul of a mighty warrior", ' They fight crime!', " She's a scantily clad cat-loving Valkyrie with someone else's memories", " She's a brilliant Buddhist fairy princess living on borrowed time", " She's a chain-smoking green-skinned research scientist who can talk to animals", " She's a green-fingered gypsy journalist operating on the wrong side of the law", " She's a green-fingered Bolivian Hell's Angel with an incredible destiny", " She's a mentally unstable bisexual museum curator with the power to bend men's minds", ' They fight crime!', " She's a psychotic green-skinned Valkyrie with someone else's memories", " She's a time-travelling communist mermaid descended from a line of powerful witches", " She's a wealthy punk research scientist with the soul of a mighty warrior", " She's a sarcastic mute cab driver with a knack for trouble", " She's a cold-hearted gypsy politician fleeing from a Satanic cult", " She's a chain-smoking junkie wrestler who dreams of becoming Elvis", ' They fight crime!', " She's a strong-willed gold-digging politician living homeless in New York's sewers", " She's a ditzy hypochondriac safe cracker who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles", " She's a wealthy African-American detective who don't take no shit from nobody", " She's a violent impetuous Valkyrie who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen", " She's a sharp-shooting French-Canadian Hell's Angel with an incredible destiny", " She's a time-travelling psychic queen of the dead who don't take no shit from nobody", " She's a violent mutant snake charmer with an incredible destiny", " She's a pregnant communist widow on the trail of a serial killer", " She's a time-travelling out-of-work former first lady with only herself to blame", " She's a chain-smoking tomboy angel with the power to see death", " She's a supernatural bisexual Hell's Angel living homeless in New York's sewers", " She's a sarcastic out-of-work safe cracker with the soul of a mighty warrior", " She's a foxy red-headed widow in the witness protection scheme", " She's a plucky Bolivian museum curator who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt", " She's a strong-willed streetsmart femme fatale who can talk to animals", " She's a tortured renegade magician's assistant fleeing from a Satanic cult", " She's an elegant gold-digging doctor with the soul of a mighty warrior", " She's a pregnant communist wrestler living on borrowed time", " She's a warm-hearted junkie pearl diver married to the Mob", " She's a blind bisexual doctor who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles", " She's a supernatural tempestuous former first lady operating on the wrong side of the law", " She's a bloodthirsty streetsmart cab driver looking for love in all the wrong places", " She's a ditzy Bolivian lawyer with someone else's memories", " She's a brilliant gold-digging lawyer on the trail of a serial killer", " She's an orphaned hip-hop magician's assistant who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen", " She's a scantily clad impetuous opera singer living on borrowed time", " She's a sarcastic out-of-work wrestler trying to make a difference in a man's world"]
She's a sarcastic belly-dancing former first lady with her own daytime radio talk show. 
She's an orphaned nymphomaniac mermaid operating on the wrong side of the law. 
She's a strong-willed Bolivian Valkyrie with an incredible destiny. 
She's a sarcastic hip-hop museum curator from Mars. 
She's a sarcastic French-Canadian femme fatale in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
She's a disco-crazy mutant opera singer living homeless in New York's sewers. 
She's an elegant gypsy mercenary with someone else's memories. 
She's a green-fingered psychic museum curator from beyond the grave 
She's an elegant green-skinned research scientist with the power to see death. 
She's a pregnant hypochondriac pearl diver with a flame-thrower. 
She's an elegant tempestuous archaeologist prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
She's a disco-crazy gypsy hooker looking for love in all the wrong places. 
She's a cold-hearted cat-loving hooker trying to make a difference in a man's world. 
She's a blind junkie journalist from aristocratic European stock. 
She's a strong-willed antique-collecting soap star trying to make a difference in a man's world. 
She's a plucky cigar-chomping nun operating on the wrong side of the law. 
She's a blind paranoid snake charmer from aristocratic European stock. 
She's a vivacious French-Canadian nun prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
She's a warm-hearted tempestuous safe cracker on the trail of a serial killer. 
She's a transdimensional hypochondriac traffic cop with an MBA from Harvard. 
She's a chain-smoking snooty single mother living on borrowed time. 
She's a manipulative impetuous snake charmer with a knack for trouble. 
She's an elegant snooty bounty hunter on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
She's a cynical mute mermaid from a family of eight older brothers. 
She's a warm-hearted mutant single mother in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
She's a strong-willed bisexual archaeologist on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
She's a hard-bitten mutant cab driver from a different time and place. 
She's a psychotic tomboy journalist from the wrong side of the tracks. 
She's a vivacious impetuous detective trying to make a difference in a man's world. 
She's a plucky French-Canadian mermaid looking for love in all the wrong places. 
She's a warm-hearted tempestuous soap star operating on the wrong side of the law. 
She's a man-hating wisecracking opera singer living homeless in New York's sewers. 
She's a violent African-American soap star from out of town. 
She's a supernatural green-skinned soap star prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
She's a disco-crazy paranoid opera singer living on borrowed time. 
She's a hard-bitten mutant mercenary who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
She's a virginal green-skinned journalist on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
She's a cosmopolitan antique-collecting barmaid with only herself to blame. 
She's a mentally unstable cigar-chomping wrestler from out of town. 
She's a disco-crazy psychic Hell's Angel from a different time and place. 
She's a chain-smoking wisecracking snake charmer from Mars. 
She's a transdimensional motormouth barmaid from the wrong side of the tracks. 
She's a chain-smoking blonde queen of the dead with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch. 
She's a ditzy cigar-chomping politician with only herself to blame. 
She's a disco-crazy communist widow fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a mistrustful blonde widow operating on the wrong side of the law. 
She's a time-travelling bisexual cab driver in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
She's a psychotic tempestuous widow with only herself to blame. 
She's an elegant punk politician on the trail of a serial killer. 
She's a radical hip-hop Valkyrie from a secret island of warrior women. She's an enchanted wisecracking pearl diver living on borrowed time. 
She's a green-fingered mutant widow prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
She's an orphaned tomboy hooker with an incredible destiny. 
She's a radical wisecracking vampire with an incredible destiny. 
She's a mentally unstable tempestuous advertising executive in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
She's a cynical wisecracking femme fatale with a knack for trouble. 
She's a radical psychic bounty hunter from aristocratic European stock. 
She's a time-travelling African-American detective with her own daytime radio talk show. 
She's a chain-smoking French-Canadian magician's assistant with the soul of a mighty warrior. 
She's a beautiful nymphomaniac doctor with an incredible destiny. 
She's a blind Buddhist mercenary living on borrowed time. 
She's a psychotic green-skinned opera singer from Mars. 
She's a psychotic streetsmart bodyguard from beyond the grave 
She's a manipulative communist femme fatale prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
She's a supernatural kleptomaniac widow from out of town. 
She's a chain-smoking hip-hop snake charmer who don't take no shit from nobody. 
She's a psychotic hip-hop mechanic from aristocratic European stock. 
She's a cosmopolitan goth politician married to the Mob. 
She's a mentally unstable French-Canadian museum curator living on borrowed time. 
She's a man-hating Bolivian magician's assistant who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
She's a cosmopolitan junkie safe cracker in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
She's a hard-bitten impetuous barmaid with an evil twin sister. 
She's a high-kicking communist advertising executive living homeless in New York's sewers. 
She's a radical gold-digging fairy princess with a knack for trouble. 
She's a mistrustful streetsmart journalist who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
She's an orphaned snooty detective in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
She's a vivacious impetuous wrestler looking for love in all the wrong places. 
She's an elegant insomniac schoolgirl with her own daytime radio talk show. 
She's a scantily clad winged barmaid with only herself to blame. 
She's an elegant blonde femme fatale in the witness protection scheme. 
She's a cold-hearted thirtysomething hooker on the trail of a serial killer. 
She's a foxy thirtysomething nun with only herself to blame. 
She's a sarcastic paranoid soap star with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. 
She's a disco-crazy goth snake charmer looking for love in all the wrong places. 
She's a time-travelling punk bounty hunter in the witness protection scheme. 
She's an elegant African-American queen of the dead trying to make a difference in a man's world. 
She's a strong-willed African-American advertising executive with an evil twin sister. 
She's a virginal cat-loving schoolgirl who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
She's a cynical junkie single mother in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
She's a provocative winged safe cracker from a family of eight older brothers. 
She's a violent nymphomaniac traffic cop with a knack for trouble. 
She's a brilliant streetsmart stripper with the soul of a mighty warrior. 
She's a vivacious winged traffic cop from a family of eight older brothers. 
She's a warm-hearted belly-dancing cab driver who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen. 
She's a hard-bitten punk soap star with an incredible destiny. 
She's a plucky goth lawyer in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
She's a blind cat-loving soap star on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
She's a cold-hearted tempestuous mermaid who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen. 
She's a manipulative bisexual fairy princess who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
She's a strong-willed impetuous Valkyrie prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
She's a sarcastic foul-mouthed bodyguard with the soul of a mighty warrior.
She's an enchanted insomniac politician with a knack for trouble.
She's an elegant insomniac mechanic in the witness protection scheme.
She's a bloodthirsty Buddhist safe cracker operating on the wrong side of the law.
She's a green-fingered insomniac research scientist with the soul of a mighty warrior.
She's a strong-willed renegade opera singer living on borrowed time.
She's a cold-hearted blonde safe cracker from out of town.
She's a cynical Buddhist mermaid with only herself to blame.
She's a scantily clad renegade Valkyrie from the wrong side of the tracks.
She's a time-travelling foul-mouthed fairy princess with the power to see death.
She's a virginal hypochondriac archaeologist descended from a line of powerful witches.
She's a hard-bitten communist mechanic married to the Mob.
She's a vivacious insomniac stripper with an evil twin sister.
She's a cynical hypochondriac former first lady with a knack for trouble.
She's a hard-bitten thirtysomething stripper who don't take no shit from nobody.
She's a virginal gypsy mercenary from a family of eight older brothers.
She's a warm-hearted motormouth pearl diver from out of town.
She's a chain-smoking French-Canadian single mother with the soul of a mighty warrior.
She's a mistrustful impetuous femme fatale prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage.
She's a transdimensional tempestuous Hell's Angel with a song in her heart and a spring in her step.
She's a scantily clad cat-loving barmaid with an incredible destiny.
She's a warm-hearted hip-hop bodyguard from a secret island of warrior women.
She's a vivacious communist hooker with an MBA from Harvard.
She's a high-kicking mute opera singer prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage.
She's a hard-bitten winged queen of the dead from aristocratic European stock.
She's a supernatural wisecracking barmaid from a different time and place.
She's a ditzy wisecracking opera singer fleeing from a Satanic cult.
She's an enchanted gypsy fairy princess living homeless in New York's sewers.
She's a green-fingered hip-hop single mother descended from a line of powerful witches.
She's a strong-willed blonde hooker who can talk to animals.
She's a cold-hearted African-American bodyguard who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt.
She's a chain-smoking nymphomaniac vampire with an incredible destiny.
She's an artistic kleptomaniac advertising executive with only herself to blame.
She's a chain-smoking tomboy hooker with an evil twin sister.
She's a high-kicking streetsmart lawyer from out of town.
She's a green-fingered African-American politician with a song in her heart and a spring in her step.
She's a hard-bitten snooty research scientist who dreams of becoming Elvis.
She's an orphaned psychic museum curator from a secret island of warrior women.
She's a ditzy African-American femme fatale with an evil twin sister.
She's a disco-crazy out-of-work Hell's Angel with the power to bend men's minds.
She's a beautiful African-American snake charmer from a secret island of warrior women.
She's a violent belly-dancing museum curator with a flame-thrower.
She's a transdimensional foul-mouthed advertising executive from out of town.
She's a mentally unstable gypsy barmaid with an incredible destiny.
She's a disco-crazy thirtysomething college professor with the soul of a mighty warrior.
She's a man-hating Bolivian vampire from a different time and place.
She's a sharp-shooting streetsmart advertising executive from out of town.
She's a tortured motormouth college professor on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit.
She's an orphaned streetsmart barmaid on the trail of a serial killer.
She's a mentally unstable cigar-chomping wrestler on the trail of a serial killer.She's an orphaned punk schoolgirl with an MBA from Harvard. 
She's a vivacious paranoid nun from a different time and place. 
She's a mentally unstable punk advertising executive with someone else's memories. 
She's a cold-hearted gypsy college professor from Mars. 
She's a scantily clad green-skinned hooker from out of town. 
She's a supernatural foul-mouthed nun with a flame-thrower. 
She's a violent winged research scientist with someone else's memories. 
She's a mistrustful gold-digging Valkyrie with an incredible destiny. 
She's an artistic cat-loving schoolgirl with her own daytime radio talk show. 
She's a supernatural renegade opera singer with the power to bend men's minds. 
She's a supernatural gold-digging safe cracker from aristocratic European stock. 
She's a mistrustful bisexual lawyer with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch. 
She's a plucky insomniac vampire trying to make a difference in a man's world. 
She's a high-kicking psychic snake charmer with her own daytime radio talk show. 
She's a ditzy goth soap star with the power to bend men's minds. 
She's a brilliant extravagent schoolgirl looking for love in all the wrong places. 
She's a wealthy renegade nun from out of town. 
She's a mistrustful cigar-chomping mermaid from a different time and place. 
She's a cold-hearted extravagent hooker with a flame-thrower. 
She's an artistic nymphomaniac journalist with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. 
She's a bloodthirsty mutant detective from a secret island of warrior women. 
She's an enchanted renegade pearl diver looking for love in all the wrong places. 
She's a radical mute snake charmer with a flame-thrower. 
She's a radical blonde doctor with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. 
She's a manipulative wisecracking socialite with someone else's memories. 
She's a transdimensional hypochondriac detective from beyond the grave 
She's a supernatural gold-digging politician who can talk to animals. 
She's an artistic tempestuous single mother who can talk to animals. 
She's a blind green-skinned stripper living homeless in New York's sewers. 
She's a sharp-shooting green-skinned detective who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
She's a transdimensional mutant bodyguard in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
She's a cosmopolitan motormouth snake charmer who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
She's a man-hating impetuous pearl diver in the witness protection scheme. 
She's a disco-crazy gold-digging cab driver who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
She's a warm-hearted nymphomaniac lawyer with a knack for trouble. 
She's a blind nymphomaniac magician's assistant from the wrong side of the tracks. 
She's a hard-bitten belly-dancing barmaid trying to make a difference in a man's world. 
She's a hard-bitten paranoid single mother from beyond the grave 
She's a beautiful bisexual vampire operating on the wrong side of the law. 
She's a strong-willed gold-digging mechanic who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
She's a radical green-skinned barmaid looking for love in all the wrong places. 
She's a foxy gypsy mermaid who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
She's a scantily clad winged pearl diver with the soul of a mighty warrior. 
She's a mentally unstable nymphomaniac snake charmer on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
She's a provocative green-skinned safe cracker married to the Mob. 
She's a green-fingered communist vampire who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
She's a high-kicking gold-digging vampire with her own daytime radio talk show. 
She's a manipulative punk magician's assistant with an evil twin sister. 
She's an orphaned insomniac queen of the dead from out of town. 
She's a plucky nymphomaniac advertising executive from Mars. 
she's a beautiful antique-collecting pearl diver who dreams of becoming Elvis. They fight crime!
she's a bloodthirsty red-headed bodyguard from a secret island of warrior women. They fight crime!
she's a green-fingered thirtysomething mermaid married to the Mob. They fight crime!
she's a strong-willed hypochondriac politician with only herself to blame. They fight crime!
she's a psychotic blonde archaeologist in the witness protection scheme. They fight crime!
she's a provocative renegade femme fatale who don't take no shit from nobody. They fight crime!
she's a mentally unstable psychic schoolgirl looking for love in all the wrong places. They fight crime!
she's a man-hating extravagent journalist with an MBA from Harvard. They fight crime!
she's an orphaned tomboy opera singer in the wrong place at the wrong time. They fight crime!
she's a foxy mutant barmaid looking for love in all the wrong places. They fight crime!
she's a foxy red-headed safe cracker from beyond the grave They fight crime!
she's a psychotic Buddhist doctor with an evil twin sister. They fight crime!
she's a foxy kleptomaniac stripper in the witness protection scheme. They fight crime!
she's a virginal tomboy detective operating on the wrong side of the law. They fight crime!
she's a green-fingered belly-dancing schoolgirl with the power to see death. They fight crime!
she's a sarcastic gypsy fairy princess from a different time and place. They fight crime!
she's a man-hating snooty museum curator from a secret island of warrior women. They fight crime!
she's an enchanted winged doctor with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch. They fight crime!
she's a blind cat-loving college professor descended from a line of powerful witches. They fight crime!
she's a brilliant communist cab driver who can talk to animals. They fight crime!
she's an orphaned antique-collecting fairy princess with an incredible destiny. They fight crime!
she's an enchanted bisexual stripper who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen. They fight crime!
she's a radical green-skinned wrestler in the witness protection scheme. They fight crime!
she's a blind streetsmart cab driver on the trail of a serial killer. They fight crime!
she's an artistic extravagent opera singer from beyond the grave They fight crime!
she's a brilliant impetuous college professor from Mars. They fight crime!
she's a cynical impetuous politician looking for love in all the wrong places. They fight crime!
she's a supernatural gypsy mermaid who can talk to animals. They fight crime!
she's a supernatural French-Canadian barmaid who can talk to animals. They fight crime!
she's a wealthy goth wrestler trying to make a difference in a man's world. They fight crime!
she's a disco-crazy paranoid college professor descended from a line of powerful witches. They fight crime!
she's a man-hating French-Canadian bounty hunter with her own daytime radio talk show. They fight crime!
she's a vivacious hip-hop opera singer who can talk to animals. They fight crime!
she's a warm-hearted cigar-chomping journalist from a different time and place. They fight crime!
she's a sharp-shooting gypsy doctor from a different time and place. They fight crime!
she's a ditzy goth wrestler from out of town. They fight crime!
she's a foxy French-Canadian bodyguard with only herself to blame. They fight crime!
she's a manipulative gold-digging bounty hunter with the soul of a mighty warrior. They fight crime!
she's a scantily clad hip-hop socialite trying to make a difference in a man's world. They fight crime!
she's an elegant punk hooker with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. They fight crime!
she's a disco-crazy French-Canadian widow who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. They fight crime!
she's a green-fingered impetuous Valkyrie on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. They fight crime!
she's a supernatural mutant opera singer with an MBA from Harvard. They fight crime!
she's a mistrustful communist cab driver with the soul of a mighty warrior. They fight crime!
she's a provocative motormouth mercenary from Mars. They fight crime!
she's a green-fingered red-headed advertising executive operating on the wrong side of the law. They fight crime!
she's a transdimensional mute opera singer from a family of eight older brothers. They fight crime!
she's a green-fingered thirtysomething vampire who don't take no shit from nobody. They fight crime!
she's a radical extravagent widow with an evil twin sister. They fight crime!
she's a ditzy red-headed nun in the wrong place at the wrong time. They fight crime!
 She's a man-hating tomboy Hell's Angel prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage
 She's a radical snooty schoolgirl looking for love in all the wrong places
 She's a sharp-shooting green-skinned museum curator fleeing from a Satanic cult
 She's a hard-bitten African-American Valkyrie with an MBA from Harvard
 She's a manipulative communist nun trying to make a difference in a man's world
 She's an artistic foul-mouthed socialite with her own daytime radio talk show
 She's a manipulative blonde magician's assistant who dreams of becoming Elvis
 She's a chain-smoking motormouth femme fatale who dreams of becoming Elvis
 She's a vivacious cigar-chomping pearl diver looking for love in all the wrong places
' She's an elegant cigar-chomping schoolgirl from beyond the grave They fight crime!
 She's a provocative bisexual barmaid from a family of eight older brothers
 She's a beautiful psychic journalist with her own daytime radio talk show
 She's a vivacious communist archaeologist in the wrong place at the wrong time
 She's a pregnant gypsy nun looking for love in all the wrong places
' She's a tortured extravagent bounty hunter descended from a line of powerful witches
 She's a cosmopolitan punk Valkyrie with an evil twin sister
 She's a bloodthirsty bisexual bounty hunter with only herself to blame
 She's a cold-hearted psychic magician's assistant fleeing from a Satanic cult
 She's a foxy paranoid femme fatale in the witness protection scheme
 She's a psychotic winged socialite who don't take no shit from nobody
 She's a cynical red-headed widow fleeing from a Satanic cult
 She's a bloodthirsty cigar-chomping museum curator living on borrowed time
 She's a foxy green-skinned nun on the trail of a serial killer
 She's a psychotic insomniac wrestler fleeing from a Satanic cult
 She's an artistic mute museum curator with the power to see death
 She's a blind extravagent barmaid in the wrong place at the wrong time
 She's a sarcastic belly-dancing pearl diver from beyond the grave They fight crime!
 She's a cosmopolitan gypsy hooker with the power to bend men's minds
 She's a bloodthirsty belly-dancing widow from Mars
 She's a mistrustful African-American fairy princess living homeless in New York's sewers
 She's a beautiful tempestuous mercenary with an incredible destiny
 She's a sarcastic punk mercenary descended from a line of powerful witches
 She's a strong-willed paranoid Valkyrie with only herself to blame
 She's a scantily clad kleptomaniac Valkyrie with her own daytime radio talk show
 She's an enchanted belly-dancing cab driver with her own daytime radio talk show
 She's a violent green-skinned mercenary with only herself to blame
 She's a pregnant hypochondriac politician with a knack for trouble
 She's a hard-bitten junkie schoolgirl from Mars
 She's a disco-crazy kleptomaniac pearl diver on the trail of a serial killer
 She's a provocative snooty traffic cop with only herself to blame
 She's a brilliant Buddhist bodyguard trying to make a difference in a man's world
 She's a psychotic Bolivian mermaid living on borrowed time
 She's a vivacious snooty former first lady with the power to bend men's minds
 She's a beautiful psychic mechanic with a knack for trouble
 She's a time-travelling cat-loving widow in the witness protection scheme
 She's a radical cat-loving soap star with a flame-thrower
 She's a cynical nymphomaniac snake charmer with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch
 She's an enchanted African-American mechanic from aristocratic European stock
 She's a pregnant mutant bounty hunter from the wrong side of the tracks
 She's an artistic red-headed angel who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen
A genetically engineered voodoo barbarian on the run. 
A superhumanly strong skateboarding barbarian haunted by an iconic dead american confidante 
A globe-trotting day-dreaming stage actor from a doomed world. 
A scarfaced small-town cyborg haunted by memories of 'nam. 
An obese neurotic gangster on a search for his missing sister. 
A sword-wielding flyboy jungle king gone bad. 
A deeply religious chivalrous boxer from the mississippi delta. 
A scarfaced bohemian vampire hunter looking for 'the big one.' 
A leather-clad chivalrous assassin gone bad. 
A suave shark-wrestling astronaut whom everyone believes is mad. 
A suave neurotic vagrant with no name. 
An otherworldly umbrella-wielding dwarf with a secret. 
An obese moralistic librarian whom everyone believes is mad. 
A fiendish sweet-toothed farmboy plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. 
A one-legged voodoo astronaut  
A shy republican assassin with nothing left to lose. 
A benighted chivalrous gentleman spy in a wheelchair. 
An old-fashioned amish gentleman spy on the wrong side of the law. 
A leather-clad amish cowboy with a winning smile and a way with the ladies. 
A witless amnesiac gentleman spy who must take medication to keep him sane. 
A benighted skateboarding cyborg with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm. 
A superhumanly strong alcoholic grifter who dotes on his loving old ma. 
A suicidal white trash dwarf in a wheelchair. 
A lounge-singing voodoo cyborg fleeing from a secret government programme. 
A war-weary misogynist househusband in drag. 
An all-american amish librarian on the wrong side of the law. 
A witless coffee-fuelled barbarian in drag. 
An otherworldly gay rock star whom everyone believes is mad. 
A globe-trotting crooked cat burglar who dotes on his loving old ma. 
A fiendish moralistic sorceror in a wheelchair. 
An unconventional catholic gangster moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble. 
A shy alcoholic matador with a winning smile and a way with the ladies. 
A witless soccer-playing card sharp with acid for blood. 
A gun-slinging drug-addicted jungle king who must take medication to keep him sane. 
A bookish vegetarian cowboy on his last day in the job. 
An otherworldly overambitious werewolf haunted by memories of 'nam. 
A one-legged albino stage actor with a passion for fast cars. 
A scarfaced catholic sorceror haunted by memories of 'nam. 
A benighted coffee-fuelled househusband  
A nobel prize-winning misogynist paranormal investigator with a secret. 
A deeply religious pirate waffle chef on a search for his missing sister. 
An impetuous guerilla paranormal investigator whom everyone believes is mad. 
A superhumanly strong jewish gangster gone bad. 
A globe-trotting albino card sharp who hangs with the wrong crowd. 
A gun-slinging drug-addicted cat burglar who hangs with the wrong crowd. 
A gun-slinging day-dreaming sorceror with a secret. 
A notorious skateboarding gentleman spy with a secret. 
A maverick amnesiac card sharp with a secret. 
A scrappy moralistic filmmaker with nothing left to lose. 
A suicidal coffee-fuelled romance novelist searching for his wife's true killer. He's a globe-trotting amnesiac filmmaker on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's a jaded one-eyed paramedic who believes he can never love again.
He's a war-weary Republican vampire hunter in a wheelchair.
He's an unconventional vegetarian photographer fleeing from a secret government programme.
He's a benighted Catholic master criminal for the 21st century.
He's an otherworldly vegetarian vampire hunter on a search for his missing sister.
He's an uncontrollable guerilla werewolf with acid for blood.
He's a deeply religious day-dreaming farmboy with no name.
He's a hate-fuelled sweet-toothed librarian 
He's a war-weary moralistic cowboy in drag.
He's a hate-fuelled sweet-toothed paramedic with no name.
He's a scarfaced flyboy cowboy living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus.
He's a scrappy skateboarding vampire hunter 
He's a one-legged hunchbacked firefighter with acid for blood.
He's a maverick neurotic rock star from the Mississippi delta.
He's an obese Republican card sharp gone bad.
He's a war-weary drug-addicted househusband with nothing left to lose.
He's a deeply religious drug-addicted cowboy haunted by an iconic dead American confidante
He's a one-legged Jewish sorceror on the run.
He's an underprivileged bohemian matador on the edge.
He's an immortal flyboy senator moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's an impetuous umbrella-wielding dog-catcher on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's a globe-trotting zombie filmmaker who believes he can never love again.
He's an uncontrollable Amish jungle king on a mission from God.
He's an all-American voodoo cowboy possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He's a short-sighted misogynist astronaut who must take medication to keep him sane.
He's an oversexed ninja hairdresser on a mission from God.
He's an old-fashioned albino boxer from a doomed world.
He's a Nobel prize-winning amnesiac waffle chef on the run.
He's a deeply religious guerilla assassin who dotes on his loving old ma.
He's a fast talking drug-addicted Green Beret on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's an underprivileged dishevelled cop plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder.
He's a shy shark-wrestling cop on his last day in the job.
He's a short-sighted umbrella-wielding card sharp who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
He's an otherworldly shark-wrestling vampire hunter in drag.
He's an otherworldly pirate stage actor living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus.
He's an ungodly moralistic librarian from the Mississippi delta.
He's a superhumanly strong misogynist romance novelist looking for 'the Big One.'
He's an underprivileged shark-wrestling assassin on the wrong side of the law.
He's an all-American vegetarian vampire hunter who hangs with the wrong crowd.
He's a Nobel prize-winning guerilla messiah with a winning smile and a way with the ladies.
He's a maverick Republican vagrant on the run.
He's a suave neurotic card sharp whom everyone believes is mad.
He's an obese crooked messiah for the 21st century.
He's a suicidal albino senator on the wrong side of the law.
He's a gun-slinging hunchbacked hairdresser on the edge.
He's an ungodly amnesiac photographer on a search for his missing sister.
He's a lonely voodoo vagrant moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's a notorious misogynist boxer possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He's a deeply religious umbrella-wielding cowboy who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
["He's an unconventional playboy card sharp with a winning smile and a way with the ladies", "He's an unconventional moralistic cop on a search for his missing sister", "He's an ungodly bohemian astronaut on the edge", "He's a fast talking gay Green Beret on a mission from God", "He's an impetuous sweet-toothed werewolf on the wrong side of the law", "He's a maverick guitar-strumming cat burglar who hides his scarred face behind a mask", "He's a scrappy playboy cop searching for his wife's true killer", "He's a suave coffee-fuelled hairdresser fleeing from a secret government programme", "He's a deeply religious devious firefighter  She's a beautiful Buddhist barmaid living homeless in New York's sewers", "He's a fiendish coffee-fuelled paramedic who knows the secret of the alien invasion", "He's an ungodly soccer-playing librarian on a search for his missing sister", "He's a witless pirate farmboy who hangs with the wrong crowd", "He's an uncontrollable Amish romance novelist gone bad", "He's a globe-trotting umbrella-wielding dog-catcher on the run", "He's an underprivileged dishevelled cowboy with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm", "He's a short-sighted soccer-playing inventor  She's a strong-willed bisexual Valkyrie from a different time and place", "He's an impetuous playboy vampire hunter with no name", "He's an immortal guerilla cop on the wrong side of the law", "He's a war-weary alcoholic romance novelist with a winning smile and a way with the ladies", "He's a world-famous zombie cat burglar with a winning smile and a way with the ladies", "He's a fast talking sweet-toothed vampire hunter from the 'hood", "He's a leather-clad coffee-fuelled househusband in a wheelchair", "He's an ungodly flyboy stage actor haunted by an iconic dead American confidante She's a cynical communist bounty hunter prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage", "He's a lounge-singing pirate master criminal who hangs with the wrong crowd", "He's an ungodly Republican master criminal in drag", "He's a leather-clad one-eyed cat burglar who dotes on his loving old ma", "He's an ungodly devious matador on the wrong side of the law", "He's a superhumanly strong Amish paramedic from the 'hood", "He's a Nobel prize-winning crooked filmmaker whom everyone believes is mad", "He's a jaded playboy vagrant with a secret", "He's an old-fashioned neurotic barbarian with a winning smile and a way with the ladies", "He's a short-sighted skateboarding cop on his last day in the job", "He's an unconventional drug-addicted shaman looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins", "He's a lounge-singing soccer-playing inventor from the Mississippi delta", "He's a maverick overambitious ex-con in a wheelchair", "He's a globe-trotting Catholic paramedic with a winning smile and a way with the ladies", "He's an otherworldly small-town cop on the edge", "He's a leather-clad misogynist farmboy with acid for blood", "He's a suave guerilla librarian who must take medication to keep him sane", "He's a shy devious barbarian with acid for blood", "He's a fiendish small-town photographer on the wrong side of the law", "He's a globe-trotting neurotic senator in drag", "He's a lounge-singing chivalrous vampire hunter with a passion for fast cars", "He's a time-tossed devious gangster whom everyone believes is mad", "He's a one-legged zombie assassin for the 21st century", "He's an ungodly overambitious master criminal whom everyone believes is mad", "He's a deeply religious white trash librarian in a wheelchair", "He's a maverick hunchbacked vampire hunter haunted by memories of 'Nam", "He's a shy zombie househusband with a passion for fast cars", "He's an impetuous native American astronaut looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins"]
He's a globe-trotting bohemian rock star looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. 
He's a benighted Amish paramedic  
He's an oversexed misogynist photographer who hangs with the wrong crowd. 
He's a sword-wielding sweet-toothed shaman with a winning smile and a way with the ladies. 
He's a fast talking coffee-fuelled househusband with a robot buddy named Sparky. 
He's a bookish moralistic gentleman spy  
He's a scrappy voodoo librarian whom everyone believes is mad. 
He's a one-legged devious paranormal investigator in a wheelchair. 
He's a hate-fuelled albino photographer living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus. 
He's an ungodly Jewish cyborg who hides his scarred face behind a mask. 
He's a one-legged dishevelled farmboy haunted by an iconic dead American confidante 
He's a fast talking day-dreaming farmboy who hides his scarred face behind a mask. 
He's a shy Catholic senator with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm. 
He's a suave albino grifter moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble. 
He's a scarfaced drug-addicted inventor gone bad. 
He's a jaded vegetarian ex-con from the 'hood. 
He's a jaded misogynist grifter with no name. 
He's a scrappy day-dreaming photographer plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. 
He's a scarfaced albino dwarf from the 'hood. 
He's a shy ninja cop  
He's a war-weary drug-addicted vagrant with no name. 
He's a hate-fuelled arachnophobic cowboy with acid for blood. 
He's a short-sighted arachnophobic librarian haunted by an iconic dead American confidante 
He's an oversexed day-dreaming matador searching for his wife's true killer. 
He's a maverick overambitious jungle king with a passion for fast cars. 
He's a genetically engineered native American werewolf who believes he can never love again. 
He's an otherworldly sweet-toothed cat burglar on a mission from God. 
He's a short-sighted Jewish gangster haunted by an iconic dead American confidante 
He's an underprivileged chivalrous farmboy living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus. 
He's a world-famous misogynist astronaut haunted by memories of 'Nam. 
He's an impetuous chivalrous werewolf on the run. 
He's a short-sighted one-eyed waffle chef on a mission from God. 
He's a notorious native American stage actor gone bad. 
He's a maverick guerilla card sharp moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble. 
He's a suicidal one-eyed farmboy with acid for blood. 
He's an immortal moralistic dog-catcher on the edge. 
He's an obese albino cyborg possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect. 
He's a notorious playboy cop on the run. 
He's an ungodly guitar-strumming Green Beret haunted by memories of 'Nam. 
He's an old-fashioned guitar-strumming card sharp who believes he can never love again. 
He's a world-famous chivalrous librarian gone bad. 
He's a lonely hunchbacked farmboy who hangs with the wrong crowd. 
He's a suicidal misogynist hairdresser moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble. 
He's an impetuous zombie inventor searching for his wife's true killer. 
He's an obese dishevelled paranormal investigator fleeing from a secret government programme. 
He's an obese shark-wrestling cyborg with a passion for fast cars. 
He's a one-legged day-dreaming cyborg with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm. 
He's a shy pirate matador trapped in a world he never made. 
He's a war-weary Catholic matador with no name. 
He's an obese moralistic sorceror haunted by an iconic dead American confidante 
He's a lonely neurotic ex-con with a secret.
He's a superhumanly strong devious farmboy with a passion for fast cars.
He's a hate-fuelled arachnophobic gangster from a doomed world.
He's a genetically engineered voodoo senator whom everyone believes is mad.
He's an obese small-town rock star who believes he can never love again.
He's a globe-trotting drug-addicted romance novelist looking for 'the Big One.'
He's a notorious shark-wrestling Green Beret looking for 'the Big One.'
He's a bookish vegetarian romance novelist on a mission from God.
He's an unconventional gay assassin with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
He's a deeply religious bohemian paranormal investigator with nothing left to lose.
He's a superhumanly strong zombie librarian on a search for his missing sister.
He's a witless chivalrous werewolf from the Mississippi delta.
He's a lounge-singing sweet-toothed jungle king in a wheelchair.
He's a suicidal Catholic ex-con on a mission from God.
He's an obese chivalrous astronaut on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's a time-tossed drug-addicted grifter living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus.
He's an otherworldly neurotic werewolf looking for 'the Big One.'
He's an ungodly guerilla Green Beret looking for 'the Big One.'
He's a gun-slinging chivalrous astronaut moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's a witless gay boxer looking for 'the Big One.'
He's a suave gay paramedic with nothing left to lose.
He's an immortal native American assassin gone bad.
He's a time-tossed chivalrous farmboy haunted by memories of 'Nam.
He's a lonely dishevelled jungle king from a doomed world.
He's a short-sighted overambitious househusband for the 21st century.
He's a short-sighted flyboy Green Beret who believes he can never love again.
He's a maverick one-eyed ex-con living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus.
He's a bookish bohemian hairdresser whom everyone believes is mad.
He's a suave dishevelled vagrant living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus.
He's a gun-slinging guitar-strumming shaman on a mission from God.
He's a scarfaced moralistic matador gone bad.
He's a world-famous soccer-playing filmmaker with acid for blood.
He's a one-legged overambitious librarian with a secret.
He's a hate-fuelled Jewish cat burglar on a search for his missing sister.
He's an otherworldly day-dreaming gentleman spy on a search for his missing sister.
He's a gun-slinging one-eyed dog-catcher from the 'hood.
He's a maverick guerilla master criminal from the 'hood.
He's a genetically engineered skateboarding Green Beret with a robot buddy named Sparky.
He's a suicidal alcoholic rock star from a doomed world.
He's a gun-slinging dishevelled romance novelist with a robot buddy named Sparky.
He's a deeply religious one-eyed senator who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He's a globe-trotting hunchbacked paranormal investigator on a search for his missing sister.
He's an old-fashioned amnesiac librarian for the 21st century.
He's a gun-slinging guerilla vampire hunter with no name.
He's a fiendish guerilla cyborg with a robot buddy named Sparky.
He's a short-sighted hunchbacked cowboy with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
He's an uncontrollable shark-wrestling boxer fleeing from a secret government programme.
He's an all-American flyboy filmmaker on the wrong side of the law.
He's an obese sweet-toothed dwarf who hangs with the wrong crowd.
He's a sword-wielding pirate vagrant on the wrong side of the law.
He's a world-famous guitar-strumming shaman on a search for his missing sister. 
He's a genetically engineered umbrella-wielding inventor plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. 
He's a world-famous drug-addicted vagrant gone bad. 
He's a maverick drug-addicted shaman from a doomed world. 
He's a war-weary vegetarian househusband haunted by an iconic dead American confidante 
He's a genetically engineered devious grifter with a secret. 
He's a leather-clad overambitious card sharp on a search for his missing sister. 
He's an impetuous white trash card sharp plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. 
He's a world-famous Catholic farmboy searching for his wife's true killer. 
He's a gun-slinging gay boxer on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature. 
He's a benighted white trash vampire hunter with acid for blood. 
He's a short-sighted Amish grifter gone bad. 
He's an otherworldly bohemian sorceror possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect. 
He's an otherworldly coffee-fuelled filmmaker from the Mississippi delta. 
He's a lonely guitar-strumming paramedic with a winning smile and a way with the ladies. 
He's a maverick bohemian dog-catcher in a wheelchair. 
He's a short-sighted amnesiac waffle chef from the Mississippi delta. 
He's a globe-trotting neurotic paranormal investigator whom everyone believes is mad. 
He's an oversexed skateboarding rock star with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm. 
He's an all-American soccer-playing farmboy on the run. 
He's a suicidal neurotic card sharp whom everyone believes is mad. 
He's a suave Amish boxer from the Mississippi delta. 
He's a scarfaced devious vagrant who knows the secret of the alien invasion. 
He's a deeply religious devious filmmaker for the 21st century. 
He's an otherworldly neurotic card sharp with a secret. 
He's a benighted vegetarian barbarian who dotes on his loving old ma. 
He's a fiendish overambitious stage actor trapped in a world he never made. 
He's an immortal Catholic photographer on a search for his missing sister. 
He's a suave moralistic grifter who hides his scarred face behind a mask. 
He's a superhumanly strong umbrella-wielding librarian whom everyone believes is mad. 
He's a time-tossed neurotic househusband looking for 'the Big One.' 
He's a scarfaced devious cat burglar plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. 
He's an all-American playboy hairdresser possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect. 
He's an ungodly skateboarding card sharp who dotes on his loving old ma. 
He's a benighted soccer-playing stage actor with acid for blood. 
He's a superhumanly strong misogynist gangster looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. 
He's a fiendish shark-wrestling librarian searching for his wife's true killer. 
He's a scarfaced bohemian inventor with nothing left to lose. 
He's a witless crooked card sharp searching for his wife's true killer. 
He's a suave crooked astronaut with a robot buddy named Sparky. 
He's an impetuous pirate ex-con fleeing from a secret government programme. 
He's a benighted native American senator with a secret. 
He's a hate-fuelled overambitious vampire hunter with a passion for fast cars. 
He's a notorious albino firefighter from the 'hood. 
He's a suicidal white trash farmboy with nothing left to lose. 
He's a time-tossed guerilla paramedic looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. 
He's a gun-slinging albino firefighter haunted by an iconic dead American confidante 
He's a benighted misogynist jungle king who dotes on his loving old ma. 
He's a deeply religious Amish firefighter with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm. 
He's an ungodly ninja dog-catcher on a mission from God. He's a benighted bohemian romance novelist who must take medication to keep him sane.
He's a jaded day-dreaming sorceror with no name.
He's a suicidal guerilla waffle chef living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus.
He's a genetically engineered sweet-toothed inventor who dotes on his loving old ma.
He's an ungodly white trash dwarf moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's a suicidal devious matador on the edge.
He's a short-sighted bohemian matador on the wrong side of the law.
He's an all-American Jewish stage actor possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He's a sword-wielding hunchbacked dwarf with nothing left to lose.
He's a benighted overambitious boxer who believes he can never love again.
He's an uncontrollable pirate paramedic on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's a maverick Republican dog-catcher looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins.
He's a suicidal amnesiac ex-con in a wheelchair.
He's an uncontrollable guitar-strumming messiah who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
He's a scrappy coffee-fuelled ex-con on the edge.
He's a genetically engineered voodoo cyborg with a winning smile and a way with the ladies.
He's a one-legged pirate boxer with a winning smile and a way with the ladies.
He's a scrappy guerilla card sharp from the Mississippi delta.
He's an uncontrollable neurotic rock star moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's an immortal Amish librarian who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He's a fast talking amnesiac jungle king with nothing left to lose.
He's a leather-clad devious waffle chef who dotes on his loving old ma.
He's a genetically engineered voodoo cowboy from the Mississippi delta.
He's a scarfaced moralistic cop with a secret.
He's an otherworldly arachnophobic senator from the 'hood.
He's an impetuous chivalrous dog-catcher on the edge.
He's a scrappy misogynist shaman gone bad.
He's a globe-trotting playboy gentleman spy who hangs with the wrong crowd.
He's a maverick shark-wrestling shaman on the wrong side of the law.
He's a time-tossed misogynist librarian who must take medication to keep him sane.
He's an all-American alcoholic cat burglar with a secret.
He's a jaded one-eyed dog-catcher living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus.
He's an oversexed guerilla werewolf who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He's a genetically engineered Catholic senator looking for 'the Big One.'
He's a leather-clad bohemian matador who believes he can never love again.
He's a lonely skateboarding photographer with a winning smile and a way with the ladies.
He's a war-weary alcoholic firefighter with no name.
He's a suicidal bohemian ex-con from the Mississippi delta.
He's an uncontrollable misogynist jungle king looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins.
He's an ungodly guerilla firefighter on a search for his missing sister.
He's a war-weary shark-wrestling paranormal investigator looking for 'the Big One.'
He's a suicidal dishevelled romance novelist whom everyone believes is mad.
He's an all-American arachnophobic cop on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's a lounge-singing alcoholic paramedic with nothing left to lose.
He's a fiendish moralistic senator on a mission from God.
He's a short-sighted day-dreaming cop who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He's an underprivileged skateboarding romance novelist from the Mississippi delta.
He's a genetically engineered amnesiac gentleman spy looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins.
He's a scarfaced chivalrous cop living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus.
He's a fiendish native American barbarian on a mission from God.
He's an uncontrollable playboy assassin looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. 
He's an obese small-town vampire hunter on the run. 
He's an unconventional native American cop possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect. 
He's an uncontrollable misogynist househusband on the edge. 
He's a lonely sweet-toothed vagrant who knows the secret of the alien invasion. 
He's an all-American neurotic jungle king in a wheelchair. 
He's an old-fashioned one-eyed cyborg plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. 
He's an otherworldly skateboarding gentleman spy on the edge. 
He's a one-legged umbrella-wielding stage actor whom everyone believes is mad. 
He's a fiendish misogynist photographer in drag. 
He's a world-famous zombie romance novelist with a passion for fast cars. 
He's a lounge-singing hunchbacked astronaut with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm. 
He's a jaded chivalrous cowboy moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble. 
He's a scrappy crooked hairdresser on his last day in the job. 
He's a deeply religious devious dwarf with a passion for fast cars. 
He's an uncontrollable small-town farmboy haunted by memories of 'Nam. 
He's an immortal neurotic ex-con from a doomed world. 
He's a leather-clad white trash card sharp gone bad. 
He's a time-tossed soccer-playing boxer looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. 
He's an ungodly chivalrous paranormal investigator with acid for blood. 
He's an unconventional moralistic paranormal investigator for the 21st century. 
He's a deeply religious devious cyborg on the edge. 
He's an obese crooked cyborg who dotes on his loving old ma. 
He's a bookish white trash sorceror  
He's a lounge-singing crooked vampire hunter with a passion for fast cars. 
He's a benighted coffee-fuelled cowboy who hides his scarred face behind a mask. 
He's a hate-fuelled bohemian househusband on a mission from God. 
He's a jaded arachnophobic werewolf plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. 
He's a superhumanly strong drug-addicted photographer on a search for his missing sister. 
He's a fast talking white trash grifter haunted by an iconic dead American confidante 
He's a suave skateboarding Green Beret on the wrong side of the law. 
He's a scrappy devious assassin looking for 'the Big One.' 
He's a scrappy skateboarding firefighter plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. 
He's a bookish day-dreaming paranormal investigator who knows the secret of the alien invasion. 
He's a shy skateboarding vagrant looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. 
He's a witless flyboy cowboy on the wrong side of the law. 
He's an all-American bohemian librarian moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble. 
He's a lonely Catholic paramedic on the run. 
He's a superhumanly strong playboy cat burglar who hangs with the wrong crowd. 
He's a hate-fuelled overambitious astronaut who hides his scarred face behind a mask. 
He's a witless coffee-fuelled werewolf in drag. 
He's a time-tossed shark-wrestling gentleman spy on a mission from God. 
He's a leather-clad ninja dog-catcher haunted by memories of 'Nam. 
He's an underprivileged drug-addicted barbarian in drag. 
He's a sword-wielding Republican messiah who believes he can never love again. 
He's a superhumanly strong sweet-toothed senator with acid for blood. 
He's a globe-trotting skateboarding stage actor moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble. 
He's a suicidal umbrella-wielding vagrant on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature. 
He's an old-fashioned neurotic librarian moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble. 
He's a suave small-town Green Beret who must take medication to keep him sane. 
He's a benighted shark-wrestling farmboy with a secretHe's a benighted devious cat burglar on a mission from GodHe's a leather-clad zombie sorceror in a wheelchairHe's a superhumanly strong Amish librarian from the 'hoodHe's an oversexed coffee-fuelled astronaut on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creatureHe's a fast talking soccer-playing shaman who knows the secret of the alien invasionHe's a war-weary overambitious cat burglar gone badHe's a hate-fuelled flyboy assassin in a wheelchairHe's an underprivileged Catholic librarian with nothing left to loseHe's a maverick neurotic master criminal in a wheelchairHe's an obese Amish gentleman spy with nothing left to loseHe's a notorious pirate rock star haunted by memories of 'NamHe's a maverick zombie firefighter on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creatureHe's a superhumanly strong pirate librarian with a secretHe's a Nobel prize-winning amnesiac romance novelist moving from town to town, helping folk in troubleHe's a hate-fuelled misogynist farmboy on the wrong side of the lawHe's a superhumanly strong umbrella-wielding dog-catcher gone badHe's a bookish neurotic hairdresser plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murderHe's a short-sighted one-eyed librarian who hangs with the wrong crowdHe's a genetically engineered overambitious dwarf who hides his scarred face behind a maskHe's an impetuous voodoo ex-con with no nameHe's a time-tossed voodoo vagrant trapped in a world he never madeHe's a suave moralistic vampire hunter searching for his wife's true killerHe's an unconventional white trash cowboy whom everyone believes is madHe's a scarfaced playboy librarian who dotes on his loving old maHe's a suave pirate photographer haunted by memories of 'NamHe's a hate-fuelled vegetarian cop for the 21st centuryHe's an old-fashioned voodoo filmmaker whom everyone believes is madHe's an unconventional Republican paramedic who believes he can never love againHe's a genetically engineered sweet-toothed sorceror fleeing from a secret government programmeHe's an obese playboy sorceror moving from town to town, helping folk in troubleHe's a lounge-singing drug-addicted master criminal on the wrong side of the lawHe's a genetically engineered neurotic farmboy on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creatureHe's a scrappy native American farmboy with a passion for fast carsHe's a shy soccer-playing jungle king possessed of the uncanny powers of an insectHe's a gun-slinging alcoholic barbarian who dotes on his loving old maHe's a war-weary Amish filmmaker in a wheelchairHe's an old-fashioned coffee-fuelled barbarian who hangs with the wrong crowdHe's an immortal voodoo werewolf who knows the secret of the alien invasionHe's a fast talking crooked jungle king moving from town to town, helping folk in troubleHe's a short-sighted pirate rock star on the edgeHe's a superhumanly strong zombie senator searching for his wife's true killerHe's an underprivileged umbrella-wielding firefighter with a secretHe's an uncontrollable sweet-toothed shaman searching for his wife's true killerHe's a witless coffee-fuelled waffle chef who believes he can never love againHe's a genetically engineered drug-addicted firefighter fleeing from a secret government programmeHe's a war-weary guerilla inventor with acid for bloodHe's a witless guerilla jungle king with acid for bloodHe's an old-fashioned Amish sorceror possessed of the uncanny powers of an insectHe's an otherworldly zombie vagrant who believes he can never love againHe's a one-legged sweet-toothed ex-con moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble
He's a sword-wielding coffee-fuelled cop moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble
He's a scarfaced arachnophobic cyborg possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect
He's a sword-wielding bohemian senator with acid for blood
He's an obese sweet-toothed dwarf from the 'hood
He's a fiendish skateboarding photographer with a winning smile and a way with the ladies
He's a time-tossed sweet-toothed card sharp on a mission from God
He's a one-legged Amish paranormal investigator possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect
He's a hate-fuelled vegetarian senator looking for 'the Big One
He's an otherworldly Amish master criminal on the wrong side of the law
He's an otherworldly Jewish librarian moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble
He's a maverick soccer-playing cowboy on his last day in the job
He's a gun-slinging ninja messiah who must take medication to keep him sane
He's a scarfaced sweet-toothed cyborg in a wheelchair
He's a notorious Jewish cop for the 21st century
He's a world-famous albino househusband on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature
He's a short-sighted overambitious rock star from the Mississippi delta
He's a suave amnesiac farmboy on a search for his missing sister
He's a fiendish chivalrous jungle king on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature
He's a jaded flyboy cat burglar with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm
He's an oversexed crooked farmboy with a passion for fast cars
He's a deeply religious bohemian senator with no name
He's a deeply religious hunchbacked werewolf on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature
He's a jaded bohemian sorceror who believes he can never love again
He's a world-famous ninja cop haunted by memories of 'Nam
He's a leather-clad shark-wrestling filmmaker moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble
He's a suicidal amnesiac romance novelist who hangs with the wrong crowd
He's a fiendish devious stage actor possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect
He's a superhumanly strong crooked paramedic haunted by memories of 'Nam
He's an impetuous moralistic jungle king who knows the secret of the alien invasion
He's a hate-fuelled alcoholic inventor plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder
He's an oversexed guerilla firefighter with no name
He's a short-sighted skateboarding paranormal investigator gone bad
He's a leather-clad Jewish cop searching for his wife's true killer
He's an otherworldly zombie master criminal whom everyone believes is mad
He's an obese vegetarian barbarian searching for his wife's true killer
He's an obese neurotic paranormal investigator on the run
He's a bookish guerilla werewolf on the run
He's a short-sighted sweet-toothed rock star on the run
He's an ungodly vegetarian ex-con in a wheelchair
He's a scarfaced dishevelled astronaut on the edge
He's a globe-trotting umbrella-wielding master criminal looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins
He's an old-fashioned day-dreaming assassin looking for 'the Big One
He's an immortal gay shaman who dotes on his loving old ma
He's a genetically engineered Republican househusband trapped in a world he never made
He's a world-famous ninja farmboy with acid for blood
He's an otherworldly Amish vagrant on his last day in the job
He's an old-fashioned hunchbacked rock star who knows the secret of the alien invasion
He's a scrappy guitar-strumming senator with a winning smile and a way with the ladies
He's an all-American day-dreaming librarian who knows the secret of the alien invasion
He's a shy small-town rock star who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He's a shy playboy cyborg on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's a genetically engineered shark-wrestling farmboy on the edge.
He's a suicidal playboy werewolf with a secret.
He's a scrappy devious sorceror from the Mississippi delta.
He's an unconventional shark-wrestling barbarian possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He's a witless albino waffle chef from the 'hood.
He's a benighted skateboarding werewolf looking for 'the Big One.'
He's a world-famous amnesiac gangster on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's a deeply religious playboy card sharp plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder.
He's an old-fashioned alcoholic cat burglar possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He's a scrappy misogynist astronaut who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He's an obese overambitious messiah on the edge.
He's a deeply religious shark-wrestling jungle king who hangs with the wrong crowd.
He's a benighted alcoholic cyborg from a doomed world.
He's a shy Amish rock star whom everyone believes is mad.
He's a genetically engineered arachnophobic vagrant gone bad.
He's a bookish soccer-playing messiah plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder.
He's an otherworldly native American card sharp moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's a shy pirate grifter trapped in a world he never made.
He's a short-sighted white trash stage actor on the edge.
He's a suave ninja barbarian gone bad.
He's an unconventional white trash firefighter looking for 'the Big One.'
He's an all-American skateboarding grifter with a winning smile and a way with the ladies.
He's an impetuous soccer-playing farmboy with no name.
He's a scarfaced dishevelled vagrant from a doomed world.
He's an underprivileged moralistic vampire hunter with no name.
He's an uncontrollable umbrella-wielding grifter 
He's an old-fashioned hunchbacked astronaut with a winning smile and a way with the ladies.
He's a genetically engineered gay farmboy in a wheelchair.
He's a maverick small-town cat burglar who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
He's an old-fashioned day-dreaming farmboy on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's a notorious one-eyed boxer who hangs with the wrong crowd.
He's a world-famous crooked senator fleeing from a secret government programme.
He's a one-legged guitar-strumming boxer in drag.
He's a fast talking soccer-playing shaman gone bad.
He's a lounge-singing Republican astronaut haunted by memories of 'Nam.
He's a scarfaced bohemian househusband with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
He's a one-legged guerilla Green Beret with no name.
He's a scarfaced coffee-fuelled messiah on his last day in the job.
He's an unconventional umbrella-wielding jungle king on the run.
He's a bookish guitar-strumming inventor who believes he can never love again.
He's a maverick white trash gangster on the run.
He's a scarfaced overambitious ex-con looking for 'the Big One.'
He's a benighted amnesiac stage actor who believes he can never love again.
He's a gun-slinging sweet-toothed paranormal investigator in a wheelchair.
He's a benighted sweet-toothed photographer on the edge.
He's an all-American vegetarian househusband looking for 'the Big One.'
He's a world-famous guerilla jungle king with nothing left to lose.
He's a world-famous shark-wrestling barbarian who hides his scarred face behind a mask. 
He's an ungodly arachnophobic boxer who knows the secret of the alien invasion. 
He's a fiendish hunchbacked barbarian plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. 
He's an underprivileged voodoo paranormal investigator who dotes on his loving old ma. 
He's an immortal pirate gangster who must take medication to keep him sane. 
He's an uncontrollable native American barbarian on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature. 
He's a one-legged Amish househusband who hides his scarred face behind a mask. 
He's an old-fashioned vegetarian assassin on his last day in the job. 
He's an obese gay cop who hangs with the wrong crowd. 
He's an underprivileged sweet-toothed cyborg on a mission from God. 
He's an obese pirate gangster who knows the secret of the alien invasion. 
He's a jaded zombie gangster who dotes on his loving old ma. 
He's a shy amnesiac cyborg living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus. 
He's an underprivileged moralistic werewolf on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature. 
He's a suave crooked househusband plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. 
He's an unconventional moralistic gangster looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. 
He's a superhumanly strong soccer-playing cat burglar on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature. 
He's an uncontrollable native American cat burglar for the 21st century. 
He's a maverick native American househusband fleeing from a secret government programme. 
He's a lounge-singing umbrella-wielding photographer living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus. 
He's a suicidal zombie cat burglar possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect. 
He's a fiendish small-town grifter with a robot buddy named Sparky. 
He's an underprivileged moralistic gentleman spy who must take medication to keep him sane. 
He's a short-sighted chivalrous assassin from the 'hood. 
He's a lonely neurotic filmmaker plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. 
He's a fiendish shark-wrestling waffle chef looking for 'the Big One.' 
He's an oversexed small-town barbarian in drag. 
He's a lonely native American paramedic on his last day in the job. 
He's an old-fashioned small-town dog-catcher who must take medication to keep him sane. 
He's a benighted playboy dog-catcher haunted by an iconic dead American confidante 
He's a war-weary neurotic cyborg searching for his wife's true killer. 
He's a time-tossed arachnophobic stage actor on his last day in the job. 
He's an uncontrollable guitar-strumming gentleman spy moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble. 
He's an impetuous umbrella-wielding sorceror on the wrong side of the law. 
He's a maverick amnesiac dwarf on the run. 
He's a scrappy Republican vagrant with acid for blood. 
He's a fast talking zombie master criminal on the edge. 
He's an uncontrollable drug-addicted barbarian for the 21st century. 
He's a bookish alcoholic dog-catcher looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. 
He's an oversexed umbrella-wielding gangster on a mission from God. 
He's an ungodly misogynist gangster searching for his wife's true killer. 
He's a fast talking Amish card sharp with a robot buddy named Sparky. 
He's an oversexed day-dreaming assassin with a secret. 
He's a scrappy guerilla filmmaker searching for his wife's true killer. 
He's a jaded coffee-fuelled matador for the 21st century. 
He's a lounge-singing bohemian grifter with acid for blood. 
He's an oversexed devious paranormal investigator who believes he can never love again. 
He's a fiendish native American paramedic on a mission from God. 
He's a one-legged Jewish barbarian fleeing from a secret government programme. 
He's an ungodly gay filmmaker possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect. 
He's an unconventional chivalrous stage actor from a doomed world.
He's an immortal hunchbacked sorceror from the Mississippi delta.
He's a time-tossed ninja messiah looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins.
He's a leather-clad native American paranormal investigator looking for 'the Big One.'
He's a globe-trotting sweet-toothed cat burglar who dotes on his loving old ma.
He's an uncontrollable ninja cowboy who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He's a shy albino vagrant for the 21st century.
He's a notorious Amish dog-catcher who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He's a witless Catholic cat burglar with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
He's an all-American arachnophobic astronaut with acid for blood.
He's a leather-clad dishevelled card sharp with a secret.
He's an otherworldly gay gentleman spy with acid for blood.
He's a witless native American gangster 
He's a globe-trotting flyboy filmmaker from a doomed world.
He's a shy Jewish cyborg looking for 'the Big One.'
He's a time-tossed small-town vagrant with a robot buddy named Sparky.
He's a benighted native American barbarian with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
He's a globe-trotting alcoholic gentleman spy living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus.
He's a deeply religious native American dwarf with a winning smile and a way with the ladies.
He's an underprivileged small-town Green Beret who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
He's an oversexed coffee-fuelled grifter on his last day in the job.
He's a deeply religious guitar-strumming paranormal investigator trapped in a world he never made.
He's an old-fashioned one-eyed romance novelist with no name.
He's an ungodly arachnophobic romance novelist trapped in a world he never made.
He's a time-tossed chivalrous boxer from the Mississippi delta.
He's a suave guerilla matador 
He's a benighted hunchbacked waffle chef with a passion for fast cars.
He's an oversexed white trash cyborg in drag.
He's an ungodly soccer-playing rock star living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus.
He's an underprivileged Amish firefighter on a search for his missing sister.
He's a fast talking coffee-fuelled cowboy for the 21st century.
He's a hate-fuelled misogynist househusband on a mission from God.
He's a genetically engineered drug-addicted hairdresser who dotes on his loving old ma.
He's a world-famous guitar-strumming barbarian in a wheelchair.
He's a fast talking sweet-toothed cat burglar haunted by memories of 'Nam.
He's a maverick albino master criminal haunted by an iconic dead American confidante
He's a fiendish crooked grifter with nothing left to lose.
He's an old-fashioned shark-wrestling inventor who hangs with the wrong crowd.
He's a Nobel prize-winning Jewish shaman on a search for his missing sister.
He's an old-fashioned chivalrous paramedic in a wheelchair.
He's a witless gay househusband 
He's an obese white trash stage actor who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
He's a time-tossed gay jungle king with a secret.
He's a bookish guitar-strumming rock star looking for 'the Big One.'
He's a superhumanly strong neurotic waffle chef who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He's a hate-fuelled Catholic librarian on a search for his missing sister.
He's a leather-clad dishevelled farmboy searching for his wife's true killer.
He's a suicidal chivalrous grifter with a secret.
He's a one-legged native American librarian in a wheelchair.
He's a deeply religious day-dreaming paramedic looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins.He's an uncontrollable playboy assassin looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. 
He's an obese small-town vampire hunter on the run. 
He's an unconventional native American cop possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect. 
He's an uncontrollable misogynist househusband on the edge. 
He's a lonely sweet-toothed vagrant who knows the secret of the alien invasion. 
He's an all-American neurotic jungle king in a wheelchair. 
He's an old-fashioned one-eyed cyborg plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. 
He's an otherworldly skateboarding gentleman spy on the edge. 
He's a one-legged umbrella-wielding stage actor whom everyone believes is mad. 
He's a fiendish misogynist photographer in drag. 
He's a world-famous zombie romance novelist with a passion for fast cars. 
He's a lounge-singing hunchbacked astronaut with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm. 
He's a jaded chivalrous cowboy moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble. 
He's a scrappy crooked hairdresser on his last day in the job. 
He's a deeply religious devious dwarf with a passion for fast cars. 
He's an uncontrollable small-town farmboy haunted by memories of 'Nam. 
He's an immortal neurotic ex-con from a doomed world. 
He's a leather-clad white trash card sharp gone bad. 
He's a time-tossed soccer-playing boxer looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. 
He's an ungodly chivalrous paranormal investigator with acid for blood. 
He's an unconventional moralistic paranormal investigator for the 21st century. 
He's a deeply religious devious cyborg on the edge. 
He's an obese crooked cyborg who dotes on his loving old ma. 
He's a bookish white trash sorceror  
He's a lounge-singing crooked vampire hunter with a passion for fast cars. 
He's a benighted coffee-fuelled cowboy who hides his scarred face behind a mask. 
He's a hate-fuelled bohemian househusband on a mission from God. 
He's a jaded arachnophobic werewolf plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. 
He's a superhumanly strong drug-addicted photographer on a search for his missing sister. 
He's a fast talking white trash grifter haunted by an iconic dead American confidante 
He's a suave skateboarding Green Beret on the wrong side of the law. 
He's a scrappy devious assassin looking for 'the Big One.' 
He's a scrappy skateboarding firefighter plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. 
He's a bookish day-dreaming paranormal investigator who knows the secret of the alien invasion. 
He's a shy skateboarding vagrant looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. 
He's a witless flyboy cowboy on the wrong side of the law. 
He's an all-American bohemian librarian moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble. 
He's a lonely Catholic paramedic on the run. 
He's a superhumanly strong playboy cat burglar who hangs with the wrong crowd. 
He's a hate-fuelled overambitious astronaut who hides his scarred face behind a mask. 
He's a witless coffee-fuelled werewolf in drag. 
He's a time-tossed shark-wrestling gentleman spy on a mission from God. 
He's a leather-clad ninja dog-catcher haunted by memories of 'Nam. 
He's an underprivileged drug-addicted barbarian in drag. 
He's a sword-wielding Republican messiah who believes he can never love again. 
He's a superhumanly strong sweet-toothed senator with acid for blood. 
He's a globe-trotting skateboarding stage actor moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble. 
He's a suicidal umbrella-wielding vagrant on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature. 
He's an old-fashioned neurotic librarian moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble. 
He's a suave small-town Green Beret who must take medication to keep him sane. 
He's an old-fashioned playboy jungle king haunted by memories of 'Nam. 
He's a lounge-singing shark-wrestling Green Beret who knows the secret of the alien invasion. 
He's a fast talking voodoo filmmaker from the Mississippi delta. 
He's a world-famous day-dreaming assassin looking for 'the Big One.' 
He's an unconventional small-town jungle king gone bad. 
He's a lonely soccer-playing werewolf fleeing from a secret government programme. 
He's an ungodly playboy farmboy with a secret. 
He's a hate-fuelled guitar-strumming librarian who hangs with the wrong crowd. 
He's a bookish guitar-strumming hairdresser haunted by memories of 'Nam. 
He's an immortal neurotic sorceror looking for 'the Big One.' 
He's a scrappy skateboarding photographer whom everyone believes is mad. 
He's a shy sweet-toothed filmmaker who hides his scarred face behind a mask. 
He's a fast talking devious messiah from a doomed world. 
He's a lounge-singing vegetarian senator for the 21st century. 
He's a scrappy devious cyborg with a winning smile and a way with the ladies. 
He's a gun-slinging amnesiac inventor with a robot buddy named Sparky. 
He's a short-sighted voodoo farmboy gone bad. 
He's a jaded Amish farmboy on a search for his missing sister. 
He's an unconventional sweet-toothed ex-con on the wrong side of the law. 
He's a scarfaced gay hairdresser with no name. 
He's an underprivileged white trash cop  
He's a fiendish drug-addicted vampire hunter who believes he can never love again. 
He's a scarfaced vegetarian sorceror in a wheelchair. 
He's a gun-slinging day-dreaming vagrant in a wheelchair. 
He's an ungodly day-dreaming shaman from the 'hood. 
He's an ungodly zombie paranormal investigator whom everyone believes is mad. 
He's an unconventional white trash waffle chef on the edge. 
He's a jaded white trash romance novelist gone bad. 
He's a fiendish hunchbacked cop with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm. 
He's an unconventional crooked vagrant haunted by memories of 'Nam. 
He's a world-famous skateboarding dwarf haunted by memories of 'Nam. 
He's a time-tossed coffee-fuelled shaman with nothing left to lose. 
He's a leather-clad ninja card sharp for the 21st century. 
He's a suicidal Catholic barbarian who hangs with the wrong crowd. 
He's a world-famous coffee-fuelled vampire hunter with a secret. 
He's an otherworldly overambitious ex-con with a secret. 
He's a lounge-singing one-eyed assassin on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature. 
He's a globe-trotting drug-addicted Green Beret with a passion for fast cars. 
He's a suicidal Republican cat burglar with acid for blood. 
He's an impetuous overambitious filmmaker with acid for blood. 
He's an all-American playboy cat burglar moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble. 
He's an oversexed sweet-toothed vampire hunter with no name. 
He's an oversexed ninja firefighter with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm. 
He's a sword-wielding flyboy card sharp from a doomed world. 
He's a lonely one-eyed romance novelist with no name. 
He's a fiendish Catholic jungle king on the wrong side of the law. 
He's an all-American Amish farmboy with nothing left to lose. 
He's a maverick white trash assassin on a mission from God. 
He's a notorious small-town werewolf with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm. 
He's a maverick one-eyed gentleman spy with a passion for fast cars. 
He's a war-weary sweet-toothed ex-con with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm
He's a scarfaced drug-addicted dog-catcher in drag
He's an uncontrollable amnesiac paramedic who must take medication to keep him sane
He's an all-American alcoholic dog-catcher who must take medication to keep him sane
He's a bookish hunchbacked vagrant in a wheelchair
He's a jaded skateboarding farmboy looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins
He's a time-tossed playboy barbarian searching for his wife's true killer
He's a suave umbrella-wielding gentleman spy who hangs with the wrong crowd
He's an obese native American cop who must take medication to keep him sane
He's an impetuous umbrella-wielding gangster looking for 'the Big One
He's an ungodly Republican master criminal fleeing from a secret government programme
He's a shy neurotic barbarian who dotes on his loving old ma
He's an unconventional Jewish filmmaker fleeing from a secret government programme
He's a short-sighted umbrella-wielding dwarf in a wheelchair
He's a notorious albino gangster looking for 'the Big One
He's a hate-fuelled ninja gangster searching for his wife's true killer
He's an underprivileged voodoo cowboy for the 21st century
He's a benighted guerilla gangster with acid for blood
He's an ungodly small-town grifter on a search for his missing sister
He's a gun-slinging Republican vampire hunter trapped in a world he never made
He's a bookish devious barbarian who must take medication to keep him sane
He's a time-tossed dishevelled jungle king who knows the secret of the alien invasion
He's a genetically engineered crooked shaman with a robot buddy named Sparky
He's a gun-slinging misogynist boxer on the wrong side of the law
He's an underprivileged overambitious cyborg trapped in a world he never made
He's a jaded shark-wrestling messiah who must take medication to keep him sane
He's a fiendish dishevelled astronaut on a search for his missing sister
He's a time-tossed albino master criminal who hides his scarred face behind a mask
He's a suicidal ninja hairdresser plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder
He's an underprivileged Catholic astronaut who dotes on his loving old ma
He's a fast talking amnesiac filmmaker looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins
He's a fiendish white trash romance novelist for the 21st century
He's a genetically engineered hunchbacked cat burglar on a mission from God
He's a short-sighted overambitious paranormal investigator in a wheelchair
He's a Nobel prize-winning gay boxer in drag
He's an ungodly skateboarding photographer with a passion for fast cars
He's an obese day-dreaming dog-catcher with nothing left to lose
He's a scrappy pirate cop on a mission from God
He's a shy Republican dwarf with no name
He's a suicidal vegetarian vampire hunter with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm
He's a benighted Republican vagrant on his last day in the job
He's a deeply religious skateboarding romance novelist on the edge
He's an ungodly Catholic stage actor with a winning smile and a way with the ladies
He's an old-fashioned one-eyed romance novelist whom everyone believes is mad
He's a leather-clad Amish rock star from a doomed world
He's a suave devious barbarian in drag
He's a witless misogynist astronaut who knows the secret of the alien invasion
He's a suave Jewish househusband fleeing from a secret government programme
He's a notorious gay vagrant with a winning smile and a way with the ladies
He's a scarfaced Republican dwarf who hangs with the wrong crowd
He's an old-fashioned playboy hairdresser on the edge.
He's a hate-fuelled drug-addicted stage actor gone bad.
He's a lounge-singing bohemian photographer 
He's a suicidal Republican cat burglar with acid for blood.
He's a gun-slinging umbrella-wielding card sharp in a wheelchair.
He's a fiendish guerilla rock star 
He's an old-fashioned coffee-fuelled sorceror moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's an ungodly day-dreaming barbarian searching for his wife's true killer.
He's a jaded moralistic paranormal investigator looking for 'the Big One.'
He's a leather-clad amnesiac gangster on the wrong side of the law.
He's a scrappy Jewish filmmaker for the 21st century.
He's an otherworldly bohemian assassin with a secret.
He's a hate-fuelled moralistic photographer from a doomed world.
He's a one-legged hunchbacked boxer on a mission from God.
He's a globe-trotting Amish gentleman spy who believes he can never love again.
He's a leather-clad alcoholic Green Beret looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins.
He's an oversexed small-town farmboy who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
He's a globe-trotting small-town astronaut trapped in a world he never made.
He's a scarfaced Catholic vampire hunter searching for his wife's true killer.
He's a notorious neurotic Green Beret living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus.
He's a world-famous Jewish werewolf on a search for his missing sister.
He's a fiendish ninja cat burglar who must take medication to keep him sane.
He's a leather-clad bohemian grifter looking for 'the Big One.'
He's a benighted alcoholic inventor with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
He's a jaded pirate messiah with a winning smile and a way with the ladies.
He's an obese chivalrous filmmaker on the run.
He's a superhumanly strong Republican werewolf gone bad.
He's a suave native American messiah from the Mississippi delta.
He's a war-weary shark-wrestling grifter gone bad.
He's a fast talking Jewish dog-catcher with a passion for fast cars.
He's a world-famous devious vagrant from the Mississippi delta.
He's a shy arachnophobic photographer with no name.
He's a lounge-singing hunchbacked househusband with no name.
He's an oversexed flyboy hairdresser on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's a genetically engineered sweet-toothed matador on a mission from God.
He's an old-fashioned white trash dwarf on a search for his missing sister.
He's a bookish crooked gentleman spy on the wrong side of the law.
He's a Nobel prize-winning guitar-strumming filmmaker possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He's a hate-fuelled bohemian firefighter haunted by an iconic dead American confidante
He's a scarfaced shark-wrestling werewolf 
He's a sword-wielding playboy barbarian on the wrong side of the law.
He's a notorious zombie assassin with a secret.
He's a one-legged guitar-strumming cop moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's a hate-fuelled moralistic grifter with a robot buddy named Sparky.
He's a sword-wielding native American grifter with nothing left to lose.
He's a scrappy shark-wrestling card sharp moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's a notorious flyboy dwarf with a robot buddy named Sparky.
He's a superhumanly strong alcoholic vampire hunter on a mission from God.
He's an unconventional hunchbacked card sharp on a mission from God.
He's a jaded moralistic boxer fleeing from a secret government programme.He's an underprivileged dishevelled gangster moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble. 
He's a notorious umbrella-wielding cowboy haunted by an iconic dead American confidante 
He's a genetically engineered small-town inventor on a search for his missing sister. 
He's a time-tossed Catholic stage actor with a passion for fast cars. 
He's an unconventional bohemian paranormal investigator from the 'hood. 
He's a fiendish Amish hairdresser on the edge. 
He's a benighted arachnophobic cop who dotes on his loving old ma. 
He's a notorious zombie master criminal on the run. 
He's a globe-trotting playboy boxer with a passion for fast cars. 
He's an all-American soccer-playing farmboy from the 'hood. 
He's a scrappy soccer-playing dog-catcher on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature. 
He's a superhumanly strong guerilla cyborg haunted by memories of 'Nam. 
He's a one-legged albino jungle king gone bad. 
He's an old-fashioned alcoholic inventor looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. 
He's an unconventional crooked househusband moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble. 
He's a scrappy albino senator with a robot buddy named Sparky. 
He's a Nobel prize-winning Amish matador whom everyone believes is mad. 
He's an immortal guitar-strumming card sharp living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus. 
He's a lounge-singing zombie paramedic whom everyone believes is mad. 
He's a lonely overambitious inventor with a secret. 
He's a one-legged guerilla gangster plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. 
He's a scarfaced alcoholic messiah moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble. 
He's a world-famous hunchbacked messiah on the wrong side of the law. 
He's an underprivileged Jewish senator who hides his scarred face behind a mask. 
He's a suave Catholic messiah who believes he can never love again. 
He's a suave amnesiac romance novelist on a search for his missing sister. 
He's a benighted playboy firefighter  
He's a scarfaced devious grifter on a search for his missing sister. 
He's a Nobel prize-winning guerilla grifter searching for his wife's true killer. 
He's a scarfaced dishevelled card sharp with a passion for fast cars. 
He's a hate-fuelled skateboarding jungle king who believes he can never love again. 
He's a Nobel prize-winning Amish romance novelist who believes he can never love again. 
He's a jaded devious assassin with nothing left to lose. 
He's a suicidal devious cyborg in drag. 
He's a scrappy albino barbarian from the 'hood. 
He's an unconventional small-town senator who hides his scarred face behind a mask. 
He's an otherworldly albino shaman on a search for his missing sister. 
He's a sword-wielding dishevelled assassin on his last day in the job. 
He's a notorious amnesiac messiah haunted by memories of 'Nam. 
He's an unconventional crooked paranormal investigator from the Mississippi delta. 
He's a genetically engineered coffee-fuelled boxer who hides his scarred face behind a mask. 
He's an unconventional white trash vagrant trapped in a world he never made. 
He's a hate-fuelled white trash boxer possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect. 
He's a hate-fuelled hunchbacked card sharp in a wheelchair. 
He's a fiendish sweet-toothed waffle chef haunted by an iconic dead American confidante 
He's an old-fashioned Jewish romance novelist with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm. 
He's an underprivileged chivalrous farmboy haunted by an iconic dead American confidante 
He's a lonely dishevelled gangster searching for his wife's true killer. 
He's a shy chivalrous dog-catcher possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect. 
He's a maverick sweet-toothed stage actor trapped in a world he never made. An artistic buddhist doctor with someone else's memories. 
A mistrustful tomboy hooker descended from a line of powerful witches. 
A cosmopolitan cigar-chomping soap star who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
A strong-willed mute vampire who dreams of becoming elvis. 
A foxy tempestuous advertising executive from out of town. 
A time-travelling extravagent bodyguard with an mba from harvard. 
A cold-hearted hypochondriac queen of the dead married to the mob. 
A strong-willed mute hell's angel from beyond the grave 
A bloodthirsty foul-mouthed doctor prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
A manipulative nymphomaniac stripper who dreams of becoming elvis. 
A cosmopolitan streetsmart archaeologist on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
A sharp-shooting streetsmart cab driver with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. 
An enchanted psychic traffic cop from the wrong side of the tracks. 
A blind paranoid snake charmer from beyond the grave 
A foxy hypochondriac detective from a secret island of warrior women. 
A psychotic red-headed snake charmer who dreams of becoming elvis. 
A hard-bitten gypsy pearl diver with an incredible destiny. 
A supernatural antique-collecting soap star from the wrong side of the tracks. 
A time-travelling punk single mother with the power to bend men's minds. 
An elegant hip-hop schoolgirl with an incredible destiny. 
An enchanted insomniac fairy princess from aristocratic european stock. 
A transdimensional gypsy hooker who can talk to animals. 
A psychotic tempestuous barmaid with her own daytime radio talk show. 
A mistrustful winged nun who dreams of becoming elvis. 
A provocative cigar-chomping politician with the power to see death. 
A vivacious winged stripper on the trail of a serial killer. 
A cosmopolitan winged opera singer from beyond the grave 
A ditzy paranoid traffic cop looking for love in all the wrong places. 
A warm-hearted out-of-work lawyer married to the mob. 
A foxy antique-collecting bounty hunter with an evil twin sister. 
An elegant tempestuous cab driver with the soul of a mighty warrior. 
A sharp-shooting motormouth lawyer prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
A manipulative communist bounty hunter in the witness protection scheme. 
A radical streetsmart mechanic with an incredible destiny. 
A chain-smoking junkie pearl diver from mars. 
A high-kicking communist politician who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
A beautiful junkie politician married to the mob. 
An enchanted african-american soap star who dreams of becoming elvis. 
A hard-bitten wisecracking magician's assistant with only herself to blame. 
An orphaned bolivian lawyer fleeing from a satanic cult. 
A cold-hearted snooty vampire with an evil twin sister. 
A sharp-shooting wisecracking mechanic from mars. 
A psychotic red-headed politician in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
A green-fingered goth bounty hunter who don't take no shit from nobody. 
A bloodthirsty foul-mouthed socialite who can talk to animals. 
A cold-hearted african-american cab driver who don't take no shit from nobody. 
A tortured bolivian cab driver who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
A chain-smoking belly-dancing single mother with the power to see death. 
A wealthy hip-hop widow with a flame-thrower. 
A mistrustful kleptomaniac vampire with her own daytime radio talk show. She's a foxy Buddhist magician's assistant fleeing from a Satanic cultShe's a violent insomniac single mother from MarsShe's a foxy psychic pearl diver who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden auntShe's a warm-hearted gypsy queen of the dead on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commitShe's a hard-bitten hypochondriac detective who dreams of becoming ElvisShe's a plucky blonde hooker from aristocratic European stockShe's a brilliant extravagent angel married to the MobShe's a man-hating extravagent widow fleeing from a Satanic cultShe's a virginal hip-hop traffic cop in the witness protection schemeShe's a beautiful blonde pearl diver with an MBA from HarvardShe's a supernatural tempestuous pearl diver with the power to see deathShe's a brilliant communist hooker who can talk to animalsShe's an orphaned antique-collecting advertising executive from out of townShe's a cosmopolitan gold-digging magician's assistant who dreams of becoming ElvisShe's a transdimensional red-headed former first lady prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rageShe's a mistrustful Buddhist femme fatale with someone else's memoriesShe's a blind extravagent cab driver who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectaclesShe's a disco-crazy impetuous college professor from a family of eight older brothersShe's a plucky African-American schoolgirl from a different time and placeShe's an elegant tempestuous pearl diver on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commitShe's a man-hating tomboy college professor who dreams of becoming ElvisShe's a pregnant bisexual wrestler from the wrong side of the tracksShe's a wealthy out-of-work bounty hunter with a flame-throwerShe's a hard-bitten streetsmart advertising executive from a secret island of warrior womenShe's a pregnant red-headed journalist with an MBA from HarvardShe's a virginal Bolivian bodyguard descended from a line of powerful witchesShe's a manipulative gypsy pearl diver operating on the wrong side of the lawShe's a violent Bolivian advertising executive who dreams of becoming ElvisShe's a radical motormouth socialite who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectaclesShe's a violent motormouth schoolgirl from MarsShe's a beautiful bisexual angel with an MBA from HarvardShe's an orphaned tomboy college professor living on borrowed timeShe's a hard-bitten bisexual bounty hunter with her own daytime radio talk showShe's a disco-crazy antique-collecting bounty hunter from a family of eight older brothersShe's a cynical impetuous femme fatale with an MBA from HarvardShe's a disco-crazy French-Canadian snake charmer operating on the wrong side of the lawShe's a ditzy red-headed single mother who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectaclesShe's a mentally unstable blonde traffic cop with her own daytime radio talk showShe's an artistic mute Valkyrie trying to make a difference in a man's worldShe's a strong-willed tempestuous socialite living on borrowed timeShe's a plucky psychic single mother who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden auntShe's a sharp-shooting Bolivian bounty hunter who don't take no shit from nobodyShe's an artistic tempestuous politician with someone else's memoriesShe's a mistrustful snooty queen of the dead with a song in her heart and a spring in her stepShe's a hard-bitten foul-mouthed queen of the dead from a secret island of warrior womenShe's a psychotic insomniac magician's assistant on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commitShe's a high-kicking cigar-chomping journalist on the trail of a serial killerShe's a wealthy cigar-chomping archaeologist from a secret island of warrior womenShe's a pregnant extravagent queen of the dead from aristocratic European stockShe's a hard-bitten cigar-chomping fairy princess with only herself to blame She's a cosmopolitan mute archaeologist from a secret island of warrior women.
 She's a scantily clad tomboy magician's assistant who can talk to animals.
 She's an elegant gold-digging archaeologist with an MBA from Harvard.
 She's a hard-bitten gold-digging fairy princess descended from a line of powerful witches.
 She's a blind mute former first lady from beyond the grave
 She's a sharp-shooting tempestuous bounty hunter with someone else's memories.
 She's a mentally unstable belly-dancing stripper prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage.
 She's a disco-crazy hip-hop wrestler married to the Mob.
 She's a disco-crazy tempestuous former first lady looking for love in all the wrong places.
 She's a green-fingered renegade mechanic with an evil twin sister.
 She's a violent communist pearl diver from a different time and place.
 She's a mistrustful bisexual research scientist fleeing from a Satanic cult.
 She's a ditzy streetsmart mermaid from a different time and place.
 She's an enchanted paranoid barmaid from a secret island of warrior women.
 She's a pregnant insomniac wrestler with a flame-thrower.
 She's a wealthy snooty opera singer from a family of eight older brothers.
 She's a plucky French-Canadian mechanic in the witness protection scheme.
 She's a high-kicking nymphomaniac lawyer who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles.
 She's a bloodthirsty streetsmart angel trying to make a difference in a man's world.
 She's a cynical paranoid lawyer who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen.
 She's a brilliant hip-hop safe cracker with someone else's memories.
 She's an orphaned cat-loving Valkyrie from a different time and place.
 She's a man-hating winged lawyer living on borrowed time.
 She's a cold-hearted blonde doctor on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit.
 She's a psychotic communist soap star with her own daytime radio talk show.
 She's a sharp-shooting gypsy Hell's Angel with an evil twin sister.
 She's a brilliant extravagent hooker with the power to bend men's minds.
 She's a pregnant renegade mermaid with an MBA from Harvard.
 She's a virginal blonde bounty hunter from beyond the grave
 She's a warm-hearted wisecracking single mother trying to make a difference in a man's world.
 She's a virginal psychic archaeologist with the power to see death.
 She's an artistic wisecracking magician's assistant who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt.
 She's a strong-willed gypsy nun with her own daytime radio talk show.
 She's a bloodthirsty Buddhist bodyguard looking for love in all the wrong places.
 She's a hard-bitten green-skinned schoolgirl with the power to see death.
 She's a foxy tomboy college professor from Mars.
 She's a warm-hearted communist wrestler with the power to see death.
 She's a provocative junkie politician looking for love in all the wrong places.
 She's a sarcastic gold-digging bounty hunter from a secret island of warrior women.
 She's a bloodthirsty hip-hop socialite descended from a line of powerful witches.
 She's a foxy impetuous socialite who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles.
 She's a high-kicking cat-loving queen of the dead with only herself to blame.
 She's a foxy out-of-work bodyguard who don't take no shit from nobody.
 She's a bloodthirsty antique-collecting journalist from the wrong side of the tracks.
 She's a radical cigar-chomping widow with an evil twin sister.
 She's a bloodthirsty mute barmaid operating on the wrong side of the law.
 She's a manipulative goth soap star prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage.
 She's a pregnant French-Canadian femme fatale on the trail of a serial killer.
 She's a beautiful insomniac hooker with only herself to blame.
 She's a foxy French-Canadian angel in the witness protection scheme.She's an artistic thirtysomething mechanic trying to make a difference in a man's world. 
She's a scantily clad tempestuous former first lady with only herself to blame. 
She's a blind French-Canadian nun with an incredible destiny. 
She's a man-hating renegade widow with only herself to blame. 
She's a hard-bitten cigar-chomping detective operating on the wrong side of the law. 
She's a plucky Buddhist detective with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch. 
She's a high-kicking kleptomaniac hooker from a different time and place. 
She's a disco-crazy communist college professor with the soul of a mighty warrior. 
She's a mentally unstable motormouth mechanic with someone else's memories. 
She's a cold-hearted hypochondriac queen of the dead from aristocratic European stock. 
She's a violent bisexual college professor in the witness protection scheme. 
She's a hard-bitten streetsmart snake charmer on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
She's a hard-bitten Bolivian schoolgirl on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
She's a violent green-skinned widow in the witness protection scheme. 
She's a pregnant punk museum curator who don't take no shit from nobody. 
She's an elegant belly-dancing fairy princess with the soul of a mighty warrior. 
She's a supernatural hypochondriac research scientist looking for love in all the wrong places. 
She's a tortured hip-hop angel descended from a line of powerful witches. 
She's a sharp-shooting nymphomaniac bodyguard trying to make a difference in a man's world. 
She's a time-travelling paranoid cab driver married to the Mob. 
She's a foxy thirtysomething safe cracker who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
She's a strong-willed thirtysomething angel with the power to bend men's minds. 
She's an elegant cat-loving nun with her own daytime radio talk show. 
She's a high-kicking tempestuous museum curator with her own daytime radio talk show. 
She's a psychotic wisecracking doctor who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
She's a cynical African-American safe cracker with a flame-thrower. 
She's a tortured blonde queen of the dead with an evil twin sister. 
She's a green-fingered renegade mercenary from beyond the grave 
She's a warm-hearted snooty traffic cop who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
She's a time-travelling green-skinned cab driver from beyond the grave 
She's a vivacious paranoid mechanic descended from a line of powerful witches. 
She's an artistic psychic hooker from a family of eight older brothers. 
She's a cynical thirtysomething politician with the power to see death. 
She's an elegant cigar-chomping museum curator with the power to bend men's minds. 
She's a psychotic snooty single mother with a flame-thrower. 
She's a brilliant junkie bounty hunter from aristocratic European stock. 
She's a radical punk archaeologist looking for love in all the wrong places. 
She's a warm-hearted hypochondriac soap star from beyond the grave 
She's a pregnant extravagent soap star from a family of eight older brothers. 
She's a disco-crazy insomniac barmaid with an MBA from Harvard. 
She's a virginal impetuous mermaid with an incredible destiny. 
She's a wealthy insomniac journalist in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
She's a foxy mutant Valkyrie who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
She's an enchanted mutant former first lady with the soul of a mighty warrior. 
She's an elegant communist fairy princess from the wrong side of the tracks. 
She's an artistic African-American widow from Mars. 
She's a sarcastic blonde Hell's Angel from aristocratic European stock. 
She's a sharp-shooting wisecracking soap star in the witness protection scheme. 
She's a supernatural paranoid bounty hunter who don't take no shit from nobody. 
She's a man-hating gypsy widow from a family of eight older brothers. 